---
Source Program: Leads on Autopilot
File Name: Introduction Video.mp4
---

Hello there, welcome to the Leads on Autopilot course. I'm Charlyn Ooi, a business and marketing coach for nutrition professionals. Now, I'm guessing you're here because you want to grow your business faster. I'm guessing that you are probably doing all the right things that you've been told to do, to show up on social media consistently, to share valuable content, to engage with your audience, but somehow the growth still feels unpredictable and it's slower than you would like. And that is why, and often it's not because your content, it's not good. It's likely because it's not getting seen by enough people just yet. And that my friends is where Meta Ads comes in. Ads are not designed to replace your organic posting. So I still encourage you to continue posting consistently, whether it's three or four times a week, whatever that's manageable for you. Ads are designed to give you more breathing room so that you have more free time to work with your clients, to serve them in your zone of genius, without being in social media all day. And the ads will work quietly for you in the background. Now, if you are someone who's been putting off ads because you think it's too complicated, you're not tacky enough, and you haven't got enough set up in your business to put money towards ads, then I want to reassure you that I've broken this course down into simple step-by-step instructions and videos for you to follow along. We're going to start off with very simple ads designed to help you grow your visibility so that your content gets to reach more people quicker. And secondly, I'm going to show you how to set up lead magnet ads so that you can grow your email list and get in front of the right people and nurture them. And thirdly, when your business is ready for it, I will teach you how to set up your webinar ads so you can fill your webinar seeds and get more applications and sales for your program. Now, this is not a complicated ads course, so I'm not going to teach you complex ads funnels. We're going to keep it very simple. You'll be starting with a $5 to $10 budget, so you're not throwing all that money in there just yet. And as your business grows, you'll learn how to stretch your budget further to get you more sales. But we need to make sure it's working from the start. Now, one last thing that I would say is there is no prizes for getting to the end of the course as soon as possible. The best way for you to get the most out of this program is to watch... Now, my biggest advice for you is to go through the course step-by-step and implement as you go. There's no prizes for getting to the end of the course as quickly as you can. What I want you to do is to watch the video, follow through the step-by-step tutorials, and set things up as you go. And this way, it wouldn't feel too overwhelming and you're tackling the ads one at a time when your business is ready for it. So I'm very excited for you to go through and implement the strategies and hear about how you go. So without further ado, let's dive into the foundations module and I'll see you over there!
