---
Source Program: Leads on Autopilot
File Name: M1L1 - Meta Ads 101.mp4
---

Hello and welcome to Module 1 of the Leads on Autopilot course. Now in this first lesson, Meta Ads 101, I'm going to step you through and share with you foundational knowledge on how Facebook and Instagram ads actually work. I'm going to show you how it's all managed, how everything is going to be linked together and the massive power that ads can do for your business. So let's dive into it. Now first of all, I want to kick off by clarifying because a lot of people get confused about it. So essentially Facebook and Instagram and those ads related to it, they're all managed together inside Meta Ads Manager. That's where it all happens. So this tool or this platform is where you're going to be using to create your ads. You can set your audience so you can decide who sees them. You can set your budget adjusted and monitor your results as you go. And even if you're just running Instagram ads, you're still not going to need to come in here to Meta Ads Manager to adjust and set everything. And in the next few lessons, I'm going to show you how to set this all up. So if you're someone who's at the beginning, you've never run ads before, you likely wouldn't have your ads manager set up. So I'll step you through how to set it up so you can have your account running smoothly as soon as possible. And as a heads up, you're going to need to have these tools and pages ready to go for us to set it up. So first of all, you need to of course have a Instagram page. Now in order for you to run ads properly and get full access to all the insights for ads, you want to first of all, make sure that your Instagram page is set to a business account. So not a personal private account and not a creator account. You can of course still run ads if you have a personal creator account, but the features and the insights that you're going to see is still going to be quite limited. So first of all, you want to make sure that you've switched your Instagram page to a business page. Secondly, with your Facebook page. So some of you may already have set this up. If you don't, you will need a public Facebook business page. So not your personal Facebook page, because you'll need that to set up anything related to your business anyway. So not the personal private one, but a public front facing Facebook page. Now that's important as well, because you're going to need to link the business page for Facebook to your Instagram page. And thirdly, you're going to need a platform called Meta Business Suite. So that will be set up inside Meta or Facebook. And if you already have your public front facing Facebook business page, then you should have access to Business Suite already. If not, just go click it, follow the prompts and you'll be able to set it up. But I'm going to show you in the next tutorial, how to set this up if you haven't got that already. Fourthly, you're going to need Meta Ads Manager, which is this one here. So I'll step you through how to set it up. Don't stress if you don't know what they look like. I will show you how to in the following tutorials. Now before I go any further, I want to address this question that I get very often. And some of you may already have done this. So Facebook may have sent you a little notification or message to say, Hey, this post has performed 90. And it might say, Hey, this post has performed better than 90% of your other posts. So do you want to boost it? And here's some credits to get you into it. So they like to tempt people very often with these credits as free money, essentially for you to boost a post. I do want to explain that it is quite different between a boosted post and the ads post that you're going to be doing. Now, before I go any further, I do want to address a very common question that I get and some of you have asked me before, especially if you have been posting on Instagram, Instagram will occasionally send you a message saying, Hey, this post has performed much better than 90% of your post. Would you like to boost it? And Facebook do like to tempt you very often and get your feet wet with boosting posts and they give you credits to do that, meaning you get free money to do it. It's usually $5 or $10. And it can be very tempting. So how is that different to boosted post? Now before I go any further, I do want to address a very common question that I get very often. And this one here, it probably has happened to you before. You may get a little notification from Instagram saying, Hey, this post has performed much better than 90% of your posts. Would you like to boost it so it can reach more people? And oftentimes they like to give you credits, meaning free money, usually around $5 to $10 to encourage you to do it and get your feet wet. So I want to explain the difference between boosting a post straight from Instagram versus going to ads manager and setting up your ads and doing it properly. Now, first of all, boosting is a bit like a shortcut. So you can basically choose a post that's done quite well organically, add a bit of money or use the credit that Instagram has given you, and then Meta will show it to more people. The thing you need to know when doing it this way is that Meta will boost a post and everything that is in the original creative, creative meaning the graphics, okay, and the captions that goes with it. So if you've got hashtags, for example, it will show up and this will be boosted as well. So it shows it as it is, the whole post, the original post, and it's really quick to get going and get set up. And the promise of this is that you will get to build brand awareness, you get more engagement on your posts and more likes or saves or shares of comments. But the issue with this is that the results are hit and miss. The thing to look for, now, boost a post looks very similar to a standard ad. So that's a standard ad. And you will see that, first of all, the captions, it looks like just a very organic post versus a standard ad. You won't see hashtags and things, and you have full control over what image you want to use and the captions and what you want this button. So this is your CTA button, you can decide what you want it to say. When you skip all of that, that you can normally adjust and set up an ads manager and do it through the boosted post, is that you have very little control over who Instagram shows your post to. You have very little control over the objectives, so the outcome of the campaign, and very little control over how you can optimize it. So you just end up showing your post to a whole bunch of random people and you may get a few likes, but you won't get good quality leads. Creating your ads inside ads manager, on the other hand, gives you full control. You can decide who it gets shown to, the geographic location, the age group, the interest levels, all of that, and you get much better quality results. You can tell Meta what your goal is. If your goal is to get more downloads for your lead magnet, that's going to show your ads to people who are more likely to download your lead magnet. If you want to make more sales, then it's going to optimize to get you more sales. And for the purpose of this course, I'm not going to teach you how to boost the ad because it's not that effective. I'm going to show you how to set up your ads inside ads manager. All right, now moving on to the next part. It's important for you to understand how ads are set up and what the different levels of the setup looks like. So every single Meta ad, no matter how advanced, no matter what the purpose is, it usually follows this structure. So you've got the campaign. Campaign is basically the overall objective of the ad. You tell Meta what you want to achieve. So whether it's to get more brand awareness, to drive more traffic to your website, to get more opt-ins for your lead magnet, more registrations for your webinar, so you get to decide that from a top level, from the top level. And then the second tier after that, so think of that as the top of the funnel, the umbrella. And then the second part of this. Now moving on to this next part, it's really important for you to understand how ads are set up and the overall structure. So I'm going to go through some terminologies here with you. So all ads, no matter how complicated and what the goal is, they all follow this structure. So on the top, which is the overarching structure, you have the campaign. So the campaign is basically the objective. So it tells Meta what you want to achieve. So is it to get more brand awareness, more profile views for your Instagram page so you can get more followers? Is it to drive more traffic to your website, to get more opt-ins for your lead magnet or more registrations for your webinar? You get to tell Meta that on the top objective. Now falling from that, below the campaign level, you have the ad set level. So with the ad set level, this tells Meta who you want the ads to be shown to, how much you want to spend, and when to show it. So that allows you to set your audience and your budget for the ad. And then below that level, that's when we get to the micro level testing. So under each ad set, you can have multiple ads. You can have five ads, you can have 10 ads, obviously it depends on your budget, but generally you want to have three, you test, you get the winning one, and then you test some more. So that's where you get to do the micro level testing. And what you're doing is the creative testing. Like I said earlier, creatives is your graphics or your videos and the captions as well. And this is where people will also see what the call to action is. So if you want to go download something to register for something. So they all follow the structure and I really need you to understand this before moving forward to setting up your ads manager. Now you can, of course, in one campaign have multiple ad sets. So for example, this ad set here can be used to target people in different geographical locations. So if you have a international audience, a lot of you do, you may have this ad targeting people in Australia and you can have the different ads underneath. And then your second ad set can be used for another location. So if a lot of your clientele comes from the States, then this one here can specifically target the United States. So geographical location is a way to segment your ad set. There's many different ways as well. You can segment them by people who don't know you at all, so your cold audience, and then people who's interacted with your brand before. But that's going to ultimately depend on what is the purpose of your campaign, because if your purpose is to get more profile views and follows, you're not going to need this. You're not going to need people who's already interacted with you before to go follow you again. Okay. So similarly with these, you can have different ads, different graphics, you can test different things, and perhaps you might find that people who's never interacted with your brand before, they react more to reels and videos. And people who already know your brand may interact more with carousels where you do more storytelling. So it's going to differ quite a lot. And we will go into the different types of ads that you should be running as a beginner in how to set it all up. All right. So that's the terminology and the ad structure. Next I do want to explain to you the different types of audiences. Earlier on, I talked about cold audience. A cold audience is basically people who don't know you at all versus your warm audience, people who has interacted with you in the past. There's another one that I didn't talk about, your hot audience, people who are ready to buy. But these are the two key ones that you want to focus on through ads initially. Now our job with ads, what you want to do here is to create an ecosystem. So you've got people who is obviously your cold audience. They have the lowest amount of trust with you. They've just come across you. They're not ready to buy. They're not ready to say yes. And then you've got your warm audience, people who's interacted with you. They follow you. Maybe they've joined your email list as well. So they do know a little bit about you. And then you've got the hot buyers. And then you've got the hot leads, people who are ready to take action. And then they become a buyer. So at each level, what you want to think about is how can you create ads that's going to move them through the ecosystem further down the funnel from starting to see you, getting to know you, and then trusting and buying from you. This way, when you use ads really well, you're going to stay front of mind and you get to run these 24 seven, even when you're asleep. And that's the beauty of ads. You don't need to rely on when you have time to show up in social media, when you have the energy to do that. And that can be really powerful. And for each level, you need to be thinking about what types of ads to run. They don't work the same way on cold and warm audiences, because those people who don't know you and have never interacted with you before, they're your cold audience. They're going to be more skeptical and you shouldn't be selling to them at this stage. You wouldn't want to say book a call because they don't know who you are. So at this stage, you want to be running ads that will get you profile views. So they're going to come to your Instagram page, your Facebook page to learn more about you. And they're going to click the follow button if that aligns with what they are interested in. This stage, you'll be running ads, providing educational content. Your messaging will be more towards the problem awareness type content. And then of course you can run lead magnet ads to your cold audience as well, providing value in exchange for the email address. And next you have your warm audience. So with your warm audience, they've interacted with you before, meaning that maybe they've already been to your Instagram or Facebook page, they've engaged with your post, sent you a DM perhaps, visited your website, or subscribed to your email list. So the goal of moving your warm audience to the hot audience section is to first of all, deepen that trust and invite them to take the next step when they get here. So with this, you'll be running lead magnet ads again. You can target those people who's visited your page who may not have seen your call to action on your content to download your lead magnet. So that will be people to retarget. You can invite them to your webinar. You can create connection based content because they already know you so you can go deeper with your story. Storytelling ads work really well for this stage as well. And then you have your hot leads. So these people are very, very close to taking action and getting across the line. So it could be people who have interacted with your brand before, they've watched your stuff, been to many webinars, visited your sales page a few times, or even maybe purchased stuff from you before and you want to re-engage them. So this type of ads is more sales driven ads. I'm not going to teach you how to run them at this stage of the course because it is quite complicated and we really just need to you to get these set up and then you rely on your email list to sell the rest. Now for this type of buyers, you're going to need to send them if they have registered for your webinar, remind them to go attend or put the replays up and remind them to go watch it. You could be selling paid events like a bootcamp in-person event, could be getting them to apply. So sharing social proof and testimonials and then getting them to apply for your program. And lastly, you can also run retargeting ads here, meaning that if they've clicked through, this will be less relevant for you guys at this stage, but if they click through to your website or to your sales page for your course and they didn't buy, you can actually retarget them with more social proof. So there's multiple things that you can do. It does get really complex at this stage, so I'm not going to go too deep into it for this course. Now to finish the lesson off, I want to be really clear on this. I want you to think of ads as an accelerator or an amplifier. If what you're doing is working, ads is going to help it to reach more people and help you to assign more clients. Ads don't fix unclear messaging or if you have a bad offer. Ads are not going to magically sell for you. And if you don't have those basics set up, meaning that if your messaging is unclear, your niche is unclear, it's very vague, you haven't got a lead magnet in place, you're not posting at all, then ads is not going to do anything for you and you're going to be pouring money into a leaky bucket. And that's why I always start my clients on organic content and marketing and get you to talk to people, do your market research so that you can refine your messaging and optimize. All right? So with that said, I want you now to head into the next lesson where I'm going to take you through a step-by-step tutorial on how to set up your meta business.


as sweet. So I'll pop the link in the next lesson so you can head there as well. For now, take care and I hope that this lesson has given you clarity and make it seem less daunting to run Facebook ads.
