---
Source Program: Leads on Autopilot
File Name: M1L2.2 - Meta Business Suite P2.mp4
---

Alrighty, so you should be able to log into Meta Business Suite through the URL that I've provided you earlier. If not, go into your public business account and then click on Meta Business Suite and go in that way as well. Now one thing I want to mention getting started is that the interface that you're seeing inside your Meta Business Suite or your account can look a little different depending on when it is. Meta Business Suite does update things from time to time but don't stress too much if it does look a little different, just follow through with the prompts and that should work. So first thing first when you're in here, go to settings and the first thing that you are going to do is go to users and then people. So this is where you'll be able to add yourself or a trust person like I said to help you out if your account does have access issues and you get locked out, they can then log in and help you out with things and you can also add other team members as well giving them different levels of access say to manage your community and reply to DMs. So to do that, go click on invite people, then you can add the email address that's associated with their Facebook account and then go click next and go through the steps of signing access and assigning business assets as well and then finalize it. So I wouldn't go through with that but that's where you would go to do it. No need to worry about partners and system settings. The next thing that you want to go to is accounts and then pages. So this is where you'll have your primary Facebook business page and you'll be able to see the people that you've added access to and the level of access so you can separate them from your Facebook and Instagram access. If you don't have that, just go click add and then you can add to an existing Facebook page or you can request shared access to another business page if you does manage things for people so that's where agencies do that, you don't have to worry about it. Now the other thing is your Instagram account so make sure that's linked up as well and then the third thing under here is the ad account. So you're not going to see anything in here if you're setting this up from scratch. I obviously have got my own ad account so that's already set up. So to do that, you are going to be running ads from this account. So this will be the key thing you need to set up before you move on to the next video. So you will click add and what you want to do is to create a new ad account. So you're going to follow through with all the prompts and key in everything. One thing that I would mention is just to make sure that you've got the correct time zone selected because this is going to be irreversible. Once you've got things set up, you cannot come back here and edit that and this will be really important because you'll need to link it up to when ads are posted, the dates and everything. So go ahead and select your time zone. I'm going to select Perth, Western Australia and then the currency is the currency that you're going to be selling products at or services. So I'm going to do AUD. Again you can't change this once it's set. So make sure that you go through and set up correctly and go through with the prompts. Now I can't remember if the financial stuff is in the next section, the usage section. So just do check this when you go in there. If it's not there, then it's going to be under Billings and Payments. So that's basically telling Facebook where you want them to deduct the payments from. Now just a few points about this. You can get the payments to be processed through a debit or credit card, or you can use PayPal, which I don't recommend. It seems to be sometimes a major flag, may get your account suspended, so I would recommend you don't use PayPal. It's a bit more tricky. The third one is your bank account. So for most of you, I would recommend you use a debit or a credit card. There's multiple benefits to it, but this is up to you and you've got to discuss it with your accountant. If you're not sure about my personal opinion to this is if you're paying for stuff already, why don't you pick credit cards that will allow you to accumulate points for things? So for me, I'm very big on getting airline tickets and converting the points to airline miles. So that will allow me to get free tickets for traveling or to be able to redeem business class flights. And that's how I travel in luxury without spending a huge amount of money. So this is just a little clever personal tip. Like I said, I'm not your financial advisor, so pick the options that works best for you. Second thing to this is that because when you're a new ad account, Facebook is more cautious. So it will tend to process the payments for your ads when you reach a lower threshold spending, meaning that every $10, Facebook would then do the payment deduction. And because it's going to be doing it quite frequently, spending $10 on ads is probably your daily budget. So every day, Facebook is going to be taking payments. The issue with that is that banks will sometimes flag those as high-risk transactions or there might be something scammy about that. So they're going to flag that and sometimes cancel those payments. And so if that happens, you've got to make sure you go in and quickly fix that. Otherwise, if it retries a few times, it doesn't work, then your ad account will get banned. So just really important that you monitor the payments in the early stages and make sure that everything gets processed properly. As your account matures, meaning that once you've got more data, more ad spend, I can't tell you what the threshold is, but you can then stretch that level to say, instead of every $10, you can do a deduction for every 500 spend or 1,000. So you can stretch that as you go, but it's going to need to take some time. So that's all I'll talk about in terms of payments. Now, one last thing that I would get you to just do an introduction to the setup is I need you to go to data sources. And this is not so much important for the first ad that you're going to set up. The first ad is your visibility ad where we're sending traffic to your Instagram profile. So we don't need to really get this set up, but when you start doing your second and third type of ad, which I'll teach inside this course, that's your lead magnet ad, you're going to need to make sure that your datasets and pixels are set up. So what does this mean? Basically a pixel is you are linking up to your website or any pages, and that will tell Facebook the behavior and what people do when they land on those pages. Let's say, for example, you are doing lead magnet ads. So when people click on the link to go to your lead magnet opt-in page, where they go enter the name and email address, Facebook would then track their behavior. Did they go through and opt-in or did they not go ahead with it? Once they go through with it, then Facebook counts that as the lead. So we'll need to understand all of that information, where they go afterwards, and that wouldn't be important for webinar registrations. If you sell any low ticket offers or any events such, that will be attributed to the data and the result that you get. And once Facebook understands that, then it's going to optimize for and get more people like it. So it's really important you get that set up once you run more intermediate to advanced ads. Now to set that up, I will quickly run. Now to set it up is very easy. So just go to add and then it's going to ask you to name it. So I've already gone through and do this as a test pixel, and then it would generate an ID number. So you want to copy that and then go to your website. So let's say if you have your website on WordPress or Kajabi or whatsoever. So I wouldn't show you here, but you will be able to go into your website and then there are a section that says integrations, and then you'll be able to integrate different apps with it. So some people would have done it for Zapier, for Stripe or other places. So that's where you would go to adjust that setting and then link it up to your Facebook pixel. Just go through the prompts, click Meta, so you will be able to search for it. Just search for the keyword Meta and then follow the prompts to log into your Facebook account. And then we'll say, yes, do you give permission? So you do all of that, and then we'll ask you to copy the ID. So that's the ID that you are going to paste into it, and then it will be linked up. So it should be very straightforward to do that. So that's the main thing. One more thing that you will need to do afterwards is go to, so I'm going to show you how to do it from my main pixel account, because that's already been set up, but you are going to Connected Assets. All right, now once you've got that set up, then click on Events Manager, because you need to tell Facebook which event do you want to track, because each event for different types of ads will vary. For example, if you have opt-ins for your learning page, that's a different event to someone opting in to your webinar registration. And so you want Facebook to know if someone's gotten to that stage. So once they opt in, you will send them to a thank you page, and the thank you page is the event itself. So you'll come into Events Manager and then be able to create that. So you'll be able to come into Events Manager and be able to create those activities. So what you want to do is go click on Set up Metapixel, and then you will be able to install the code manually. Now I'm just going to show you quickly, because I've got my pixel here set up. Now once you've done that, this is what it looks like, because there's no data that's received. But I'm going to go to My Pixel, that's a mature pixel. So everything's been able to be set up, so you can see the graph that looks like that. And what you're next going to do is click on Add Events, and that's when you'll be able to go set up a new event and click the landing page of where you want to send people. So that's set up a new integration. Now because this is a brand new account, nothing is set up yet, so you won't see any data. But I'm going to go into one of my other accounts, so you can see the pixel set up here. So you'll see something like a graph like that, with all the information that's fed in over time. And what you're going to do is click on Add Events, and then to build your own. So Facebook will be able to track where people end up and attribute that lead or that conversion to that particular campaign. So you're going to go through, fill in all the information there, go click on ActionSource website. Event will be, let's say if someone becomes a lead, they submitted a lead magnet request. So then you'll add in the URL of your thank you page here, if they submitted an application, you want that to be tracked as an application, then insert the thank you page here. But that comes back to the campaign objective. Is it to get a lead, which most of you would be? Is it to register for an event or something? So that will come into complete registration. So it just allows you to be able to understand what's the action there. And then simply click the Add URL here. Now if you're selling a low ticket product, for example, there will be a purchase the URL here for the thank you page. So we know if they've purchased it, and then you can enter conversion value, which might be 37, 47 or whatsoever. So that's where you would do it. But this is pretty advanced. So I'm not going to go further and teach that. So that's pretty much all that I want you to set up for now. Again, if you get stuck with the pixel part of things, there is plenty of other tutorials out there on YouTube that you can look at if, depending, you know, if you have trouble doing that from your website, you can just go look for that. But otherwise, your Meta Business Suite is all set up now. And next, we're going to go look at how to set up your ad account in the next lesson. So I'll see you over there.
