---
Source Program: Leads on Autopilot
File Name: M1L2.1 - Meta Business Suite.mp4
---

Now, in this tutorial here, I'm going to guide you through how to set up your Meta Business Suite. Now, first of all, what is this? Meta Business Suite, I want you to think of it as your main control center for your business social media accounts. Once you have both your Instagram and Facebook pages linked up, you can then go in there and respond to DMs and see everything at a top level overview. You can view your insights, you can manage your ads, and you can even assign access to different pages to your team members and control the level of access. So it's a very important tool to set up before you go on to do your ads. Now, one thing I will mention is that with your Meta Business Suite, that's for one business, I'm going to give you an example. If you are a fertility dietitian, you provide services to clients, consulting, e-products or whatsoever, that will all live under one Instagram page, one Facebook page, and therefore one Meta Business Suite. But if you decide later to go start a supplement line, you're going to need to manage those pages very differently because you're not just optimizing for leads, you're optimizing for people to purchase, and all of those kinds of stuff, it's a very different type of business. And from a liability standpoint, you want to separate that from your service-based business. And so you will have a different business set up for the supplement line. And with that, you will have different Instagram pages and Facebook pages, and that means you need a different Meta Business Suite to be set up to manage that. For most of you, it will be pretty straightforward, just one Meta Business Suite account. Now I just want to share something. Now I just wanted to cover account safety very quickly because cybersecurity is so important, especially for an online business. You want to make sure that you're protecting your business accounts, especially your social media accounts. So first of all, if you haven't done this, make sure that you turn on two-factor authentication for your Instagram page, your Facebook page, and any other websites or important things like Zoom, your Practice Better accounts, your Bookings accounts, your Stripe payments, all of those things, and even for your personal stuff as well. You want to make sure 2FA is turned on. It just adds the extra level of security. And you will need to download something called the Google Authenticator app, so that generates a six-digit code, refreshes every minute. Now just a quick note about account safety because as a business, especially for an online business, you want to make sure that all your assets and resources are protected, and you want to make sure that you try and keep everything as secure as possible. So first of all, make sure you've got two-factor authentication. I call it 2FA set up for all your important sites and tools and platforms that you go to. So that means your social media accounts, your Instagram, Facebook account, your banking if you can, Zoom, your practice management software, your email marketing system, pretty much everything that you can. Turn it on for, turn it on, and that just adds an extra layer of security. So if someone happened to steal your password, they would need this extra step to be able to log into your account. So to do that, you also need to download the Google Authenticator app from App Store or Google Play. So what it does is once you have the particular site added, it will then generate a six-digit code that will refresh every minute, and you'll need to enter that before you log into that page. So if you go to a new location or whatsoever, you'll need to re-enter that code. Secondly, make sure that on your Facebook business page, and you can do this inside Meta Business Suite as well, I'll show you how to do that later, add one more admin at the very least. So you are the admin of your page, I highly recommend you add another person as a backup. So this person has to be someone you trust, so it could be a partner or trust a friend or someone that you know really well, just in case your account gets blocked. This has happened to a client before where someone happened to steal her Facebook login, and so they went and changed everything, removed her, so she no longer had access to a page. So you want to make sure that you have someone else that you can use to log into your account if something like that happens. And thirdly, never, never click on any links in emails claiming to be from Facebook or Instagram. I get this pretty much every single day, emails saying that your account's been blocked, this has happened, someone's reported your content for copyright breach or whatsoever, click on this link to take the next step whatsoever. And most, I would say all the emails so far are from scammers. And once you click on it, things will just snowball and you'll likely find yourself losing access to your account. So never click on those links. If Facebook or Instagram were to send you anything, you can just go into your Meta Business Suite or your notifications inside your account and see if there is a real message. Okay, so the next part from here is you will need to log into your Meta Business Suite to get it all set up. And the link, the URL is business.facebook.com, I'll link it in the description as well. And once you log in, I will switch screen now and show you what to do next.
