---
Source Program: Leads on Autopilot
File Name: M1L3 - Setting Up Ad Account.mp4
---

Alright, so in this lesson here, I'm going to quickly show you how to navigate your way around the Ads Manager dashboards and the things to look out for and how to use it. So first of all, when you come in here, you need to make sure that you've got the correct business portfolio and the correct ad account selected. I have multiple ones, you should only have one for most of you, so you don't need to worry about it, but always check that for a start. And the next thing to look out for is this section here. So remember earlier, I talked about the hierarchy of how ads are set up. So you obviously have the top level, which is your campaign, below that is your ad set, and then below that is the ads. So think of it like chapters in the book, right? So you've got the book, you've got the chapters, and then you have the individual pages. So that's how to look at it, you'll have all your campaigns here. Now you can pre-select just active ads that are running if you want to look at what's running at the moment, interpret those results. The other thing to look out for is this date range section. So one thing I'll mention is when reviewing your data, your results, you want to be looking at ads as a trend rather than a day in isolation. So if your ads only been running for a couple of days, don't change anything, don't panic just yet, give Facebook time. So generally when I look at results, I select last seven days to look at the trend, or last 30 days, or sometimes I'll look at last three months as well. So this is where you go to select it. And the next thing that I will show you is on this left hand side, that's where all the different areas or sections inside Ads Manager is. So if you need to adjust your billing and your payment, you go in there, Events Manager is basically where you go set up your pixel if you haven't done it before. One last thing is the columns where it displays all your results. So this dashboard here basically just gives you a top level overview of all the ads are running or have been running in the past. You can customize the way that it shows or displays the results. As a default, Facebook will go to the performance settings. So you can go in and adjust things. To adjust it, just go to customize columns. And then it's going to show you all the different things that you can look at. Now you will customize this over time. So don't stress if you haven't got things selected correctly, because over the next few modules I'm going to show you the key results that are going to matter so you know what to look for. So first things first, you can scroll through and select what you want to show. The ones that are on the right, you can move them around and you can close the ones that are not important. So delivery probably not that important. I don't need it to show ad set name, no net depth, ad set name, conversion rate ranking. Let's close that out. Engagement rate ranking, you don't need that. So you can take out all of that. And then once you're done, you can save it as a column preset. So it becomes a customized one for you. And then you click apply. Like what I've done here is I've done a preset for myself, so I just name it so I know what it is. And when you hover over it, it will show you what you want to show up. All right. So that's basically it for this overview. I will show in the next few tutorials how to go create an ad. Just very quickly, this is where you would click. So that's it for the tutorial. So that's all you need to know for now to create an ad. This is where you would go. Just go click on the green create button. But over the next few modules, I'll show you how to create individual campaigns. So I'll see you over there.
