---
Source Program: Leads on Autopilot
File Name: M1L4 - Choosing The Right Ads to Run.mp4
---

Hey, welcome back. Now in this lesson I'm going to step you through the different types of ads that you can run on Metta and how to choose the right one for your nutrition business and for the season that you're in. It's really important to understand if you have heard about people spending a lot of money on ads before it didn't work for them. It could be very well because they haven't got the right funnel set up, they're running ads that are too advanced for the business or they're not really optimizing it correctly. And I'm going to help you to understand which one is more suited for you, how to get started and how to layer on more ads as you get going. Now first of all, you need to understand from a campaign level to choose the right objective. Metta is going to ask you when you go in to set up your campaign, what is the end outcome? What do you want Metta to do and optimize for you? So first of all, you have the awareness ads, which is basically that people just get to know about you. So that can be helpful for people who are brand new to you to bring in more followers, more profile views. And then secondly, you have your traffic ad. I rarely run that, that's really just to get more link clicks over, say to your website or to the, I would say it's used more for e-commerce stores. Thirdly, you've got the engagement ad. So this is more so to get likes, comments, shares, follows, more interaction. So this would be used for your cold audience and probably also warm audience as well to re-engage them and get them back to your page. And then you've got the fourth type of campaign, which is one you'll be running a lot, but not right away. That is your leads campaign. So this is to, for example, to get you more opt-ins for your lead magnet to grow your email list. So that's a great one to use. Secondly, it would also be used to get more leads for your webinar, your free webinar to get you more signups for it, or to get more applications and sales-based type ads. And then fifth one is your app promotion. You will very be, you will, and the fifth one is app promotion. You'll be very unlikely to use this because most of you don't have apps, so you're not going to need to use this. And then lastly, you've got your sales campaign. So the sales campaign, as the word indicates, is to get you more sales. So what most of you will be doing in the beginning is going to be either your awareness or engagement ads, and then your leads ads. For sales, it's more so to get a direct purchase, because if someone's not purchasing directly, i.e. going to your sales page to buy your online course or buy a low-ticker offer, then there's nothing for Facebook to understand how to get you more sales. So you need to really have those funnels set up to make direct sales when the time comes. And that's why a lot of people will only use this for a much later stage in their business when they have something direct to sell. So Meta is going to look at how much value each customer brings. So if a type of customer, they come in, they spend $5,000 with you, that's going to be a higher value client. That's going to be a higher value client versus someone who's only spending $20 with you. So Meta is going to go find those people who are more likely to spend $5,000 with you. And it may also cost more as well. So it might cost $100 to acquire a $5,000 customer, it might sound a lot for the cost per lead of $100. But if you're making $500, minus all the expenses and stuff, it's still in profit. So it's really understanding those numbers and going by the data rather than making decisions based on how you feel. And I do know that ads can sometimes be very confusing or expensive. So my purpose through this course is to help you understand where to put your money in terms of the different types of campaign, how to optimize it, and when's the right time to start the next type of ads so that you're not guessing your way around or wasting your money. Now I want to quickly revisit this slide here where I talked earlier in this module about the different types of audiences. As a reminder, you've got your cold audience, your warm audience, and your hot audience. They obviously go lesser as you go through the funnel. The people at the top have the lowest amount of trust with you and then versus those people who already know you versus those people who are ready to take action. So the types of ads that you are going to be running is going to be very different at each level. For example, at the start, for someone who don't know you at all, you're not going to go straight to selling yet because they will be unlikely to buy. You want to be selling to those people who are your hot audience. So to give you an overview, typically the types of ads that you're going to be running is going to flow this way from top to bottom. So if someone is a cold audience, they don't know you, have never come across you, so you're going to run what we call visibility ads to get in front of them first. So they get to know you and then they move on to a warm audience and that's where you will run ads to warm them up, to deepen that trust and to provide value. And then when they're ready to take action, maybe they've done something, they've gone to your webinar, then you can run ads to get them to apply for your program before they become a buyer. So there are different types of ads suited for different audiences at the start. So to give you an example, with your visibility ads running to cold audience, the types of ads that you can run will be ads that perhaps introduces yourself. You talk about your story and start the relationship. So they get to know who you are, who you help, and they start to just, you know, interact with your stuff more to become a warm audience. It also trains the algorithm to find the people who are more likely to come to your page and interact with you. And at the next level, once they've come into your funnel, that's your lead magnet ads you're going to be running. You can run that to cold audience, but you'll find that it will probably be cheaper to run it to a warm audience. And that is where you offer a free resource, maybe a checklist or PDF of some sort in return for the email address, and you get to grow your email list. And what you're doing here as well is you're building a data for Meta to know, oh, these people are opting in. I am going to find more people who are like these people to show the ads to so that they can download your lead magnet and you get to grow your email list as well. So it's feeding Facebook data. Now the thing to note is when you're getting started in the beginning, Facebook is learning from scratch. It doesn't know anything about your business and whatsoever. So you need to give it time. Things are not going to work right away. You may need to give it at least a two or three month period for Facebook to get all the data, to understand more about your business. And for me, I've been running ads for years and that's how Facebook already knows what types of followers are more likely to interact and help me to find people like that who are cheaper to acquire as a lead. And then lastly, you've got your webinar ads. may not be ready to do this just yet. So you may just start with the first plus second type of ads. And with webinar ads, again, you can run it to a cold audience, but you may find that it's cheaper to get them or for them to convert and to show up and to sign up for your program as a warm audience. So this is basically inviting them to watch a webinar and then they, you know, get offered your program and you will get them to apply to have a sales call and all of this. And this is more of an optional stage. So not everyone needs to run that. All right. So that is the overview of the different types of ads and what I'm going to be teaching in the following modules. You're going to learn how to run each type of ad, what types of ads would fall under that and how to set it all up inside your ads manager. Now we're going to go ahead to the next lesson where I can. And now we're going to go ahead to the next lesson where I'm going to step you through how to write ad copy. That's your captions for your copy that converts. So I'll see you over there.
