---
Source Program: Leads on Autopilot
File Name: M1L5 - Writing Ad Copy.mp4
---

In this lesson here, I'm going to step you through how to write ad copy that converts. Now I'm going to step you through the structure of how to write your captions for your ad. And secondly, how to write ads that are not only ethically compliant, because as a health professional, you're going to make sure that you're not over-promising an outcome. You are not misleading people, causing them to diagnose themselves with something. So you need to make sure that it's ethical. And thirdly, we're going to make sure that you're writing copy that wouldn't get flagged and rejected by Meta as well. Because every time you submit an ad for review, it's then going to say yes or no. And if it's being rejected, you will get a chance to rewrite it and then resubmit it for review. And if you do it too many times, your ad account can get suspended. So it's important to do it properly and understand what you can and can't say. So first of all, all ads that you're going to write will follow the structure. If you take nothing away, this is the most important thing you need to take away when it comes to writing an ad copy. And that is to make sure that it starts with a hook. In the beginning, you outline the problem and that is meant to create relatability with your audience. You talk about the desired outcome, the dreams and goals, and then end your ad with a CTA. And that is your call to action. This works for all types of ads and the structure stays the same. What I want to emphasize is that you need to keep this simple. One call to action per ad. Don't tell them to do multiple things because you're going to get a lot of confused minds. And if people don't tell them to do too many things because they're going to get confused and then they will keep scrolling. So keep it simple. Clarity is so key. And note that, like I said, so let's start with the first part of your captions and that is the hook. Now, similarly to what I teach for Instagram, hook is the first line of your captions and it really matters a lot. A good hook is going to stop the scroll of the right person, of the person that you want to target. And that is usually something, a line, a sentence that describes or call out a situation that they're facing, a type of person, or the topic that you want to address. So you've got to be specific. So what I'm going to do now is to show you one of the ads that I run for my Instagram Reels workbook. I've been running this for the last four to five years. So I've just done different varieties of image or captions, but this ad has been proven to convert really well. I know it's not nutrition relevant, so I'm going to share some examples with you as I step you through each one. Okay, now with this ad, I'm going to break it down into different parts. Part number one is the hook, part number two is the value or the education, part number three is the ... All right, so let's break it down and look at the different parts of the ad copy. So the first one is your hook, and I'm showing you my ad here, which I've been running for about four years now. It's been proven to convert really well. It's for my Instagram Reels workbook, and it's for health professionals who are learning how to use Reels to market themselves. So with this ad here, I have a few parts in the same structure that I'm teaching you. So the hook in the beginning, and then we talk about the problem, and then the outcome here and what they're getting, and then the call to action to get them to download it. Now just with this part here where there is a button, that's basically a call to action button to download, and this one here is the image. So when I refer to creatives, I'm talking about the image and the ad copy, but for this lesson here, we're talking about the ad copy for now. So the first part here, let's zoom in and look at the hook. So the hook is basically, like I said, the first line of your captions. So my captions here is filming Reels was never on your radar when you chose to become a nutrition professional. So I'm calling up my ideal client and talking about Reels, something that they were not expecting to do when they went to study nutrition. And now suddenly being a business owner, they got to learn how to do it. So if we were to translate it to nutrition itself, here are some ways to say, and I want you to notice how I phrased it, because we're trying to write in a way that doesn't get your ad flagged and rejected. Like I said, you don't want to label people, you don't want to diagnose, and you certainly don't want to discriminate. So an example for someone who works in IBS with a lot of people who are bloated, you could say bloating isn't always caused by food. You're not saying you, you're not labeling them. Okay. It's just something surprising. Bloating isn't always caused by what they eat. Second example is people who diet. So dieting can feel very frustrating for a lot of people. Again, you're calling out the dieters, people who are on yo-yo diets. Thirdly, it's more so for a hormonal, so it could be like perimenopausal, people struggling to lose weight. And again, you don't want to say if you're over 40 and struggling to lose weight, because that's labeling them and discriminating or calling, singling them out, which can be a big flag for Facebook. So with this, you can say when working with clients navigating hormonal changes, 40 plus, so people who are 40 plus, you could say 40 plus clients. Okay. So you're talking about your observations, the common patterns, again, it's coming, talking about you and what you observe. You can also talk about your story, your journey that is less risky to getting it flagged. Second part to this is the middle part. So that is the problem. And I say, however, here we are in 2026, and that seems to be the number one thing everyone's recommending. The reach with reels is huge, and it takes one viral reel for your DMs to be filled with your ideal clients. But let's be real. Those can be overwhelming and totally out of your comfort zone if you're an introvert like me. So I'm calling out certain things, problems, and pain points that they experience, which can build a lot of connection with the right people. And that's the type of people I want to attract. So it's really to show that you understand what they are going through, that you have empathy for the situation. So here you can name a common challenge that they have, but make sure that you're not shaming them. You're not diagnosing anything. You're not turning it into a condition that they don't know they have. So to make it very clear here, and you want them to look at it and go, yep, that's me. So an example of how you can write it is with so much conflicting nutrition advice online, which is speaking to the confusion and overwhelm that they have. It's easy to feel unsure about where to start when certain food causes tummy discomfort. You're not saying that what food it is, is causing tummy issues. You're saying it's very confusing to know how to even begin to pinpoint it. So the outcome is what's possible without promising results. So it's really important that you phrase it correctly here because you want to avoid guarantees and you want to keep the expectations realistic as well. And perhaps you're also wanting to show them that it can be easy for them when they get the right support. So a way to say it here is a more holistic. So you're trying to say a different approach, a more holistic structured approach that looks beyond quick fixes, can help bring in more clarity around digestion. So again, I'm not saying that you need a low FODMAP diet or you need different antimicrobials or different things. That is way too much and 100%, I would say, it will get rejected. So keep it a little bit more general, not pinpointing to the treatment and guaranteeing outcomes. The fourth part is your call to action. Very simple one-liner, which you need to make sure is super specific. So my one is ready to get real about reels, download my free guide now. And then I add the link to it. So for a lead magnet ad, I like to add the link because it is clickable in Facebook. So it's just another way, another placeholder there to remind them to click on the link. Now with this, you can say, visit my profile. If it's a awareness page, you can say, follow me to learn more. The second type for a lead magnet is download a free guide, or you can say, learn more, learn more about an event or a webinar or a paid challenge that you're running or to save your spot for a webinar. So there's many different types of call to action. Just make sure it's specific and it's the one call to action and it matches the campaign goal. So you can say, get more followers, get more downloads, or get more registrations. It's also, I want to mention that you should test different ad copy length. For some people, short copy will work, especially if you're re-engaging people who's interacted with your page. But my ad copy here being a lead magnet, it's for people who's not followed me and doesn't know about me before. And that's why I've written it to be longer. So the length, what was the need to match the type of people that you're targeting and the objective. Okay. So just a couple more things I want to mention. First of all, just be aware of the high risk words, like I said, that can get you flagged and get your ad rejected. So you want to make sure there's no diagnosis, you're not treating them, you're not curing them or making guarantees. Now these two is potentially going to put you at risk, but it's medium risk. I would say I've certainly seen more ads recently that have gotten approved, even though they say women over 40 with, or people with IBS, you know, this is a you and condition kind of label. And I've seen that being approved. So, you know, I would rather you be safe in the beginning and just keep it a little bit more vague in terms of the condition. You can describe the symptoms and that would be okay. And then lastly, don't talk about weight. No, no, no. Don't say obese or you're struggling with your weight. That's going to be bad age. I think that is a lower risk that you'd say women over 40 plus or busy parents, you know, those are fine as well. All right. And lastly, I want to give you a prompt. This is in a worksheet that is together with this lesson, so you can go download it. And that's an AI prompt. Now the next thing that I want to talk about as a health professional is you want to avoid these high risk words in your ad copies. So I've alluded to this before. You want to make sure that your ad, you're not getting people to diagnose themselves. You're not promising any guarantees of outcomes. You're not treating them. You're not curing them. The ads that has these will most definitely get rejected. But this one here with you and condition, so you're calling them out, women over 40, people with IBS, women with PCOS, like that is supposed to be a high risk one, but I'm seeing that there are more and more ads with this that is getting approved. So I think it's more of a medium risk. If you're worried, don't use it at all. But if you want to try it out, you can certainly publish it and see what happens. Now the next one is very risky with weight. So you don't want to say you're overweight or struggling with your weight. That's a high risk one. Age is not so much of an issue. Women over 40 plus, for example, so that's not bad. Now another way that you can think about is describing the symptoms. Instead of saying people with IBS, you can say gut discomfort, digestive concerns, bloating, like those are generally fine. Or you can call out the type of people like busy women. You can talk about busy moms, stressed parents, you know, those are words to describe the situation and they're going to be fine. All right. But irregardless, I have prepared and put together a list of all the high risk words that you need to be aware of and not to use it. And that will help to increase the chances of your ad getting approved. And in that ad, and in that worksheet as well, I've given you a prompt to help you write ad copy. So this prompt, you can copy and paste it. Just insert whatever the objective is, whether it's for cold or warm audience and what your niche is, and then get it to write you the ad copy. It will probably be very strict in terms of hearing to all these things, talking about age references and stuff. I would start there. And then as you go along, as Facebook trusts you more and knows that you have been running ads for a little while, you have a track record, then it's less likely to reject things that refers to age and symptoms and you and condition type language. But either way, this is going to help you churn out your ad copy much quicker. All right. So I'll leave you with that. In the next module, we're going to step through how to set up your first type of ad, the visibility ad in your ads manager. So I'll see you over there.
