---
Source Program: Leads on Autopilot
File Name: M2L1 - Profile View Ads.mp4
---

Hey there, welcome to Module 2 of the Leads on Autopilot course. Now in this module, we're going to focus on how to set up the profile view ads in order for your page to get in front of the right people. So by the end of this module, you'll understand exactly how to profile view ads work, its purpose, how to know if something's working or not, when to tweak it and scale it, and why this type of ad is going to be the foundation for everything else that you're going to do with ads moving forward. So what is its purpose? So profile view ads is essentially what we call your visibility ads. First of all, it's not designed to sell, so don't expect to get sales right away. What it's designed to do is to help your content reach more people. So you know, when you go post your content organically, Facebook, first of all, the algorithm is going to analyze your content, look at what it is, show it to your followers. So your followers get to see it first, and if it gains traction, lots of people interacting with it, saving it, then it will show it to more people. Because what Facebook wants to do on Instagram is to keep people on the platform and make sure that it's showing you content or showing your followers content that is interesting to them. So a lot of times we're relying on the algorithm to show your content, but that may not always happen. And that's when you'll see that you hear crickets, no one's really interacting with your content. So the purpose of this type of ad is to accelerate the process. So if you have a piece of content that you've posted organically and you go, this has performed pretty okay, I'm going to then run it as an ad and get Instagram or Facebook to show it to more people. So it's going to reach further. And what we're doing in this process is we're telling Facebook, go find people who are interested in this type of content, which for your pages, the more niched and more specific it is, then it's going to work better. If you have a general nutrition page, then it's going to be really hard for you, for the algorithm to work out who to show it to. But if your content is niche, it's specific, your messaging is clear, then this is going to work really well. So it's then going to reach more people. And when they see your content, you tell them to come follow you. So your call to action on this type of ads need to be really clear. So they'll come and follow you, interact with your page. And what it's doing is it's helping Meta to collect data, to know who's interested. So future ads that you run, when you run your lead magnet ads, then you can say, go target these people who's interacted with my page. So your lead magnet ads will get cheaper because Facebook already understands your ad account. So this is a very key step. And I do, just one thing I want to mention again, is that the better and more specific content you can get on your Instagram page, the better, because if people do come and visit your profile, but if you haven't got videos of you, people don't know who you are, they're not clear on what you do. If you are not posting at all, you only have two content on there. That's not going to work. So you want to make sure you do have organic content. And then we're hoping that more people will come through and hit the follow button. So just very quickly, I will show you how to set this all up in the next video, but as an overview, when you go set up your campaign, you are going to be presented with the different options for the campaign objective. That's basically what you want Meta to optimize for. So just very quickly, because awareness campaign and engagement campaign can be very similar and a lot of people have gotten confused. So for the profile view ads, you want to use the engagement campaign. Now let's look at how to set this up. I'm going to step you through the tutorial in the next lesson, but I want to give you a high level overview of what this looks like. So when you go create a campaign, you're going to be presented with these different options. So for the profile view ads, you will need to choose the engagement. So let's take a quick look at the campaign type. So for the profile views ads, when you go set it up, you're going to be presented with these options and for the profile. So let's dive into how to set this up inside Meta ads. I'm going to step you through in a step-by-step tutorial in the next lesson, but this will give you a high level overview of what you need to look out for. So when you go create a campaign, you're going to be presented with the different campaign objective. So awareness and engagement is both very similar, but when you go running the profile views ads, you want to choose the engagement campaign. And then you're going to tell Facebook you want to optimize for Instagram profile visits. It doesn't have the option to optimize for Instagram follows. I think that will be amazing if does happen, but the closest that we can choose is Instagram profile visits, because we're assuming if they do click on the ad, come visit your page that they're more likely to follow. You can actually still track how many people follow as a result, but this is the closest we can get it to. Now the types of content that works well for a profile views ads is potentially content that has performed well organically and you can get it out to more people because maybe it's resonated and so you want to try that as a profile views ads. Secondly, I've mentioned this before, your messaging and your positioning for the content needs to be really clear because ads will amplify what's already working. If it's not clear, your messaging is vague, then people are probably not going to click through and follow. Statistically, we have seen that Reels do perform better as a profile views ad because it connects with people more. It feels very innate to the app. It doesn't feel like an ad versus a static post or versus a static post or an infographic. So Reels do perform better. You can also collate data later on to say, Hey, Facebook people who has watched my Reel For more than three seconds, they're considered a warm audience. So we can retarget them for my lead magnet ads later. So again, that helps to feed data. So I think Reels are really powerful. And lastly, types of content with a very strong hook that calls out your ideal clients, tells them about what you do, you connect with a pain point, they tend to work really well and the first three seconds is really important. With the ad as well, you want to make sure that you have the right CTA. What you're doing is you're not saying submit an application or comment this keyword. Those are not very effective. What you want them to do is come follow you. So your CTA for the Reel can say, visit my profile or follow up my page for more content like this. So very simple, very straightforward. Just keep it to one CTA, inviting them to go check you out. Not to make them commit to buy anything from you just yet. Remember, this is the first time that they're meeting you. So they're brand new to your business. And this is more of an invitation to get to know you more. And so that's it for this lesson. In the next lesson, I'm going to step you through how to set up the profile views ads on MetaAds. So I'll see you over there.
