---
Source Program: Leads on Autopilot
File Name: M2L2 - Profile View Ads Setup.mp4
---

Okay, so in this step-by-step tutorial, I'm going to guide you through how to set up a profile view ads. So first of all, again, we want to make sure that you have selected the correct business portfolio and the ad account before making any updates or changes. So then you want to come in here and click on the create button. And for the profile views ads, we're going to use the traffic campaign because we're trying to get more Instagram profile visits and get more of the right people to come over and check you out with the hope that they will follow you. So you're going to click continue, and then you'll be presented with this screen where it's asking you, do you want to use Facebook's default setting, which is the recommended setting using Advantage Plus? So this is the AI, or do you want to set up your campaign manually? I'll recommend you set it up manually, so it's a lot easier for you to customize to what you know about your ideal client. So you're going to come in and click on continue, and then it's going to take you to this screen. So with your ad campaign, it's set up into different hierarchy. So you've got the campaign being the top one, that is the title or the whole book. And then you have your ad set, which is the chapters of your book. And then you have the ad or ads that will fall under that, which is the individual pages. So you'll always be taken to this type of setting where you've got the three different levels of hierarchy, and you're going to step through one section at a time. First of all, we're going to come in here and rename your campaign. So you're going to call it something that you know what it is about from the main dashboard page. So we're going to call it profile view ads. Scroll through. So the buying type will be auction, you will have the traffic objective. And then the next part is setting your budget. So with your budget, I would most of the time set it to ad set budget, so you can control it from the kind of audience groups rather than having an overall campaign budget. That will give you less control and you're relying on Meta to optimize it for you, which may not always be the best. And the next thing is this section here, share some of your budget with other ad sets. Again, it's Meta trying to recommend you to do something using their AI. I will untick that because that will give you more control. It's going to say you could get much better result with the AI feature. I wouldn't worry about that. You won't need A-B testing and your services wouldn't fall under a special ads category. It's usually financial services, employment, internships, housings, or politics and social issues. Definitely don't need to worry about that. So we're going to click next and it will take you to the ad set setting. So this is where you decide what type of audience you want to target. For most of you, you would want to start with the country that you're based, especially if that's where the majority of your clientele is coming from. So I would call this one according to the types of people. So I'm going to do AU, that's basically Australians. And then I would call it cold. I actually call it broad. Broad means cold, general. So whatever you call it, as long as you understand. So cold, and then you would say profile views, and then the date that you are starting this ad set. So let's say the 10th of January. So that is now the name of your ad set and you would go through it. The next part is the conversion. So the purpose, how Facebook would know that this is successful is whether or not they send the person to where you want them to go. So this one here is a message destination. The default is basically telling people to message you, but that's a little bit too much to start with. We're going to start with a very low commitment, low barrier of entry for your leads. So we're going to say send traffic to your Instagram page. So if someone sees your ad and it's specific to the challenges or things that they're interested in, then you're going to have, or it will come up with a button that says visit profile and then they'll come through to your Instagram page. You can send people to a website, but that's more so for lead magnets and other purposes. So you won't use it for profile views, you can get people to message you. Again, it's a bit too much for this stage. So then the next part is your performance goal. So Facebook's asking, how do you measure success for your ads? And that is basically telling them to maximize the number of profile and Facebook visits. So it's going to go out and find people who are most likely to click through to visit your page. So you can decide where you want them to go. For profile view ads, I would recommend that you go with reels. So videos versus static, because it's likely to capture people's attention and stop the scroll. It's likely to tell the story. It's a lot more personal when people see your face and videos tend to work really well. So for this reason, we're going to untick Facebook because we're using reels. Reels do still show up on Facebook, but you probably want more people to come across to your Instagram page. So when you untick Facebook, you'll see that that has changed to maximize number of Instagram profile visits. Don't worry about bid control and all the rest. You can show more options, but don't worry about any of that. The next part is setting your budget. How much do you want to spend a day? So for some of you, you might only want to spend $5 a day, and that's totally fine to start with for one ad. If you have multiple ads, then I would say five per ad. So that is explaining to you how much is your average spend. When do you want to start the ad? I would recommend you start it on at least, give it a full day in a sense. So you can start it at one o'clock in the morning. So you can adjust this rather than starting it in the middle of the day. So it gives Facebook a full day to look through things. You don't have to set an end date. End date is mainly if you only have a limited amount of money that you want to test. So let's say if you want to put $30 towards this, you can set an end date to say, okay, five times six days is 30, right? So then you can count six days from here. If you do that, you just got to remember to come back here and check because for some people they might forget that their ad has ended and then they just assume that it keeps going. So I normally wouldn't set an end date. Now the next thing to look at is your audience control. So where do you want Facebook to show your ad to? So you can basically select locations. So at the moment it's set to Australia, so you can edit that. You can, you know, for me, it's looking at where my clienteles are coming from. So I would do ads to Australia and United States. So you'll see once you've entered those two locations, the audience size is going to get really, really big. I would suggest being a very new starter to all of this with a low budget. You don't want to target too many people. Start with your local, your country essentially, and go from there. There are some more things that you can adjust, give Facebook some more parameters. And for me, it's thinking about people who are most likely to interact with my brand, to buy from me. What is the type of things that we can look out for? So age group and maybe gender. And perhaps if you're a fertility dietician and you work with women only, you don't want to work with the males or you don't want to target them to start with, you can then select the gender. Now you will see here that at the moment, there's very limited things that you can adjust. But if you keep scrolling, it will then give you some more options of minimum age. So you might set to 25. And then you can also exclude custom audiences. You won't have any of this to start with, so don't worry about that. Facebook does give you advantage plus audience to find people for your ads. And because again, I don't want to rely on Facebook suggestions, I want to have more control. So I'm going to switch to original audience. And then you can say further limit the reach of your ads. And you can see as we come in here, you can add exclusions. So exclusions, basically, I would say for people who don't follow you, you want your ads to reach them. But if they're already following you, then we don't really want them to see your content again. So you can exclude followers. So IG followers, so you can select that. And then you can set your age range here. So let's say 25 is your minimum, you want to limit that to 45 or 50, depending on your ideal client, some range, the gender, you can set it to men, women, as you like. And that's pretty much, you say, click save audience. And that's pretty much all I would do for a start. Add transparency, you are not selling anything related to finances, so no need to worry about that. One last part is placement. So Facebook has got its own suggestions. Again, you can click more options and then select where you want it to show. So you can click edit and then select manual placements. And because your ads are only going to be shown on Instagram, let's just go through and select that. So we don't need Facebook feeds, we want Instagram, Instagram profile feed, Instagram explore, explore home, Instagram stories. We don't need Facebook stories. So just go through and untick the things that don't apply and then you are good to go to the next step. So that's your ad set level where you control the audience. And the final step is selecting or creating your ad. So you'll need to name it in a way that you recognize it. So I could say ad one, so then I could say real IBS, you can call it whatever, so you understand what your ad is about. And then the next part is going through, you are creating the ad. So let's say it's a video, then you're going to select this. No need to take multi advertiser ads, leave that as it is. And then you have ad creative. So here's where you go set it up. So you have the option of obviously image ad, which is the static, but for profile views, it will be your video ad, follow the prompts and go through and set things up. You can upload the videos, mine already has a whole library. So just select that, whatever you want to use. Primary text is basically your captions. So that's what you want people to see on top of your videos or your ad. So just add the text here, generally do it, use chat GPT or do it in another document and then copy and paste that. So I'm just going to do the example here, and then you can add a second option. And once you're done, then click done. So, all right, so then it's coming up for, all right, so now it's coming up with the preview to show you how it looks like. You can look at, obviously it depends on what you selected, it will show you what it looks like. And then at the end, it's got the call to action, which is visit the Instagram profile. So you've got the captions you've done. If you didn't get to do it earlier, you can do it here. And it's very simple and straightforward because we're not customizing for conversions like a lead magnet opt-in or whatsoever. So it's pretty quick to set up. If you want to use a reel that you've done that is popular organically, you can click change video and then come in here and go select page videos. So that's then going to bring you to your Instagram page and you can select the ones that you want to. Now the issue with this is that your ad is going to get declined if your video is using a copyrighted audio, meaning that if it's a popular trending music and is copyrighted by the original owner, you won't be able to use it. And that's why for me to get around it, I screen record the audio and then I put it together on CapCut and then come in and upload it. All right. So once you've done your first ad, don't click publish yet. If you have more ads to add, let's say you have different variations, come in here, click on the three dots and then go click duplicate because you want to retain all the original settings instead of starting from scratch. So then you'll click original, do duplicates, and then you just come in here and change the video. So you can select another video if you like. So then that's going to show what the video is and then you can go through again and change the captions. But that's pretty much it. When everything is ready, you can go click review and review this ad. You can also click preview to publish. So that will show you all the ads itself. I wouldn't go through them because I don't want to publish this. And you can see that this is all still in draft. When it's ready, it will say either under review. So if it's just started, if it's active, then it will say active there. But that's pretty much it for this profile view ads. Go ahead, have a try and run one to two ads if you like and go from there.
