---
Source Program: Leads on Autopilot
File Name: M2L3 - Metrics.mp4
---

Now, in this lesson here, I'm going to show you how to tell if your profile view ads are working and some of the key benchmarks that you want to be aiming for to know whether you should stop an ad or continue scaling that. So first things first, I'm going to talk about the key metric that you want to be tracking for profile view ads. Now the key metric here is know how many people came to visit your page. That's the key thing you need to be optimizing for. So basically here, this is one of the ads that I've been running. You can see that my daily budget is $12 a day. For most of you, you only need to do $5 to $10 a day. So where this lives is the cost per result column. You can see it costed me $0.08 to get an Instagram profile visit. So that's a really good number. I'll tell you in the next slide what to aim for, but it's $0.08 per profile visits. But what I really want to know, which Meta wouldn't tell you have to work it out yourself, is how many people out of those visits, so I have 5,578 visits, came across to follow me. That's an important one to check out because you need to know how much does it cost you to get a follower. So for me here, I spent $427.44. I think it was across a period of a month, I can't remember how long it was. But the thing that you need to do is work it out yourself. So take the amount that you've spent, divide it. So how do you see the number of followers? So you hover your mouse over the number here, and then it'll show you how many followers you got. So divide it by 96. So it costed me $4.45 per follow. Is that good or bad? So let's have a look. So the benchmarks that you want to be aiming for is around about 30, 35 cents to a dollar. It's a healthy benchmark to aim for, for health professionals, then you know, okay, great, it's doing this job. But if it's more expensive over a dollar per profile visit, that's to get someone to click through from your ad to come check out your profile, not a follower. So a dollar, it's not going to be so good. So you want to try and keep it under that. So for mine, it was 8 cents per profile visit. So that was really good. If you were advertising in Australia, this obviously varies depending on where you're based and what currency your ad account is set under. So if it's under AUD, it will probably be on the higher end of that just because of the currency differences and stuff. If you're in the States, it will be towards the lower end of that number. So these are things to take note of to know whether your ad needs tweaking or not. If it's very costly, it doesn't mean that your ad is terrible. It just means something needs to change. So the secondary metric to track is your click-through rate, because you don't want to just base it on one number. Obviously you've got your cost per profile visit. You want to know how much does it cost to get a follower. And then the other thing to track is the click-through rate. So how many people looked at your ads and came across to check out your profile? It's a percentage. A healthy amount is over 1%. If it's under 0.8, then it needs review. So what you want to know is out of those people who saw your ad, how many are interested to learn more? If it's a very low number, then you probably need to, first of all, make sure that your hook is specific. So the right people who are your right audience are going to come through and follow. You don't want to care about things like likes, comments, shares, or DMs for visibility ads. It's not about being popular. It's about getting in front. It's about getting in front of the right people. Now you might be wondering, how long do I let the ads run for? You need to give the algorithm time to understand what your ad is about, to show it to the right people, and to monitor its behavior. So with that said, you need to give your ad at least three days. Never tweak anything the next day. You want to let it run at least three days, hold yourself back from tweaking anything, come back and check it. I would say five to seven days will give it a really good run to see whether that's a good ad to keep going or not. One of the beginner mistakes that a lot of people make is turning ads off. One of the beginner mistakes that a lot of people make is turning ads off too quickly before it's had its time to work out whether or not it's good enough. So one of the beginner mistakes that I see a lot of people make is not giving your ads enough time to run. So they turn off the ads too early, thinking that it doesn't work, it needs time to get a data. By looking at your result, if it's not ideal, if it's in the needs review level, then you want to start making some adjustments. So if your click-through rate is a bit lower, if the cost per profile visit is a bit higher, or even simply looking at the comments that people leave on your posts. If it's coming from people who may not look like your ideal clients, or their comment is a bit vague, like maybe they've put emojis or they say spammy things, or they're just simply not your ideal client, then you probably want to change the audience for that, or just turn it off, refine the hook, make sure it calls out your ideal clients on the reel in the first three seconds, and then rerun another ad. So that's how you know whether something is working or not, if you need to tweak it, or if it's working well, let's increase it. So if you're running it at $5 a day, then you would adjust the budget. I would say each time that you increase it, increase it by around 10% to 20%. So you might go from $5 to $5.50 as a 10%, or $6, or whatever you like. Just increase it gradually. If you increase the budget too quickly, let's say if you went from $5 a day to $20 a day, you're going to shock the system, and it may reset and go back into the learning phase. So that's not a good thing. You want to increase it gradually. All right. So that's it for this module here. I will see you over in the next module where we'll talk about lead magnet ads to grow your email list. I'll see you over there.
