---
Source Program: Leads on Autopilot
File Name: M3L1 - Lead Magnet Ads.mp4
---

Hey there, welcome to module three of the Leads on Autopilot course. Now in this module, I'm going to step you through how you can run lead magnet ads and use it to help you get in front of the right people so you can get more consistent opt-ins to your free resource and grow your email list. And this is just going to accelerate not just your visibility, but get a list of people who are interested in what you have to offer, which will then increase the pace of people getting to your program. Now I want to quickly mention, if your ad account is fairly new, which most of you will fall into this bucket, it's often helpful to start with the profile view ads, which is what I taught in the second module of this course. It is, however, not a prerequisite. So it's helpful, obviously, to help you gain visibility. It warms the algorithm up and also build brand familiarity with your audience. So they get to know a little bit more about your brand before you offer them your lead magnet. However, if you have a very tight budget and don't have a lot of money to put towards ads, you can certainly go straight into the lead magnet ads. It just takes you some time to learn how to set things up, but don't worry. That's what this course is. I'm going to step you through how to set everything up from scratch. Okay. So first thing first, I want to revisit the idea of the lead magnet ads. You would or should have already by this stage, have your lead magnet done. I'm going to go through a checklist with you later so you know what you need to get ready to run this type of ads. And with this, we want to think about the customer journey. When they first come across your brand, they're regarded as your cold audience. So they don't know who you are, they are a bit more skeptical, and they have the lowest amount of trust. The purpose of your lead magnet, the organic format, and also the ads channel is to really attract the right people into your world, get them interested. So then they become a warm audience, and then you're going to keep in touch with them. Obviously, they'll still see you on social media, but you'll also be emailing them often, which will then move them, the right people who are ready to take action into your hot bucket. So they are ready to consider buying something and you're going to show up in the right place, right time, and they're going to say yes, and that's when they become a paying customer. Your lead magnet is essentially the first step for someone to make a micro commitment. Even if it just involves them giving you the email address, it's not a huge commitment, but people are a bit more skeptical these days. That's going to take some time for them to say yes. So we want to offer something for free to build trust and all of that. Your email marketing is going to do the work in the background to nurture them and turn them into a hot buyer. So that's an essential part of marketing, especially paid marketing, that you need to understand that your lead magnet ads is going to hit people when they're cold and have the lowest amount of trust. So you don't expect to make sales right away. It's going to just take some time, but it will form the foundation of your marketing. It's going to work in the background and things are going to move a little bit quicker. Now you may be thinking if you don't have a lead magnet yet, some ideas about what you can run. If you already have it, that's great. This will be a little quick self audit for you to step through. Now first things first, not all lead magnets are created equally. There are different types designed to hit people at different parts of the journey, but the most important thing that your lead magnet need to do is to be specific to those people who are looking for a solution to the problem that they have. So it needs to be niche specific. And secondly, it needs to be giving them a quick win. This is not going to be the time for you to develop a 20 page or 50 page PDF resource. Now I want to take a look. Now in order to run lead magnet ads, you need to have a lead magnet and not all lead magnets are equal. You need to think about the stage that your ideal client is at when they are looking for a solution. Now in order to run lead magnet ads, you need to first of all have a lead magnet. Now when it comes to deciding what to create, there's some specific questions that you need to answer, which I'll step you through in the next slide, but I wanted to kick off with some ideas of things that you can create first. Now there are obviously different types of resources, some more easy and quick to skim through and you're going to have some that are a little bit more in depth and some that are more of a template. So examples would be things like a checklist that they can easily tick through, a short guide that might be somewhere between five to 10 pages. You step them through some ideas of how to get started with fixing a problem that they have. So examples that I have here is like an IBS relief guide, someone's having symptoms, what can they do to find... Now let's take a look at the different types. Now in order to run lead magnet ads, you will obviously need a lead magnet to start with. Most of you by this stage should have one, but if you haven't got one, then these are some ideas to get you started. Now in order for you to run a lead magnet ads, you need to first of all have a lead magnet. So it's good if you already have one done, you should have a lead magnet by this stage. If you don't, we're going to step through some ideas to help you get started. And if you do have a lead magnet, maybe this will help too. Now in order to run lead magnet ads, you will obviously need to have a lead magnet to start with. And most of you by this stage, you should have a lead magnet already. What I'm going to step you through is going to help you to do an audit on whether or not that's the most effective lead magnet for you to have. If you don't have a lead magnet yet, this lesson here is going to help you understand what type of lead magnets are going to be best for you to put out there. Now the best lead magnets that convert have one thing in common, and it's really important that you understand this because your lead magnet is not designed to solve everything. It's designed to solve the first step of a bigger problem for your ideal client. Not the whole problem, not something unrelated. So it needs to be specific and needs to give them a quick win and help them take the first step. And once they feel a bit better or once they achieve something, they're naturally excited and they want to learn what is the next step involved in working with you. And the biggest mistake I see people often make with lead magnets is they tend to squeeze too much in. And if there's too much information, then people are going to get overwhelmed. They feel like they have a lot to do and that's going to hinder their progress. And if they don't get progress, they might give up. They feel like this is not working and you're going to lose them. So just know that your lead magnet needs to be a starting point, needs to be relevant and needs to give them a quick win. And that quick win's going to help trust far faster than giving them something too comprehensive. Once you get their attention, once they come into your funnel, then you would want to invite them to work with you. And once they become a client, that's when you go deep and you help them to implement the things that they really need to get result. There is a saying, give them what they want. When they're looking, you give them what they want. Something quick, something simple, something specific. And when they get into your world, give them what they really need. Now these formats here, we've got examples of a checklist. It's a very quick tick, tick, tick checklist to make sure that they've got the basics, the foundations sorted. So that's things like fertility, pregnancy, GLP-1 start prep checklist. All these are really simple and quick for someone to execute. You've got your short guides, which are PDFs or workbooks. So they tend to go a little bit deeper, but once again, it's a starter guide. So you've got something like your IBS relief guide. When someone's having symptoms, they want to look for some quick symptom relief. So this is designed to help them feel better, which is important. It gives them a taste of what relief can feel like. So they want to dig deeper and understand what the solution is for long-term relief. Secondly, you've got a beginner's guide. So using the word beginners or starter guide or kickstart, these are really helpful words to help people understand what's involved. So it's to help them balance their blood sugar levels for insulin resistance. So it's a very short guide, usually between five to 10 pages. So you don't want to make it too long and not too deep as well. Then you've got templates, quick and easy, gives them the structure. So it could be a meal planning guide for a specific thing. So don't make it generic. So not a meal planning guide for busy woman. It needs to solve a problem. So it could be for weight loss, for feeding the whole family, if they are struggling to come up with ideas, what to feed their kids and stuff like that. And then lastly, you've got meal plans, which are always really helpful and people love meal plans. So these are examples of the lead magnet you want to give some value. Now these are some key questions to ask yourself if you already have a lead magnet or before you go create one is number one, does this attract my ideal client? Is that what they're Googling and adding into chatGPT and working out how to fix their problem? Number two, does this naturally lead them to my paid offer? That's so important. The job of lead magnet is not just to give them information, but what next? That's why you want your lead magnet to be specific solving one problem, which then helps to lead them to the next step of the solution. Number three, does this solve a starting point problem instead of a like 10 step process, it's going to be too overwhelming. And lastly, is it easy for them to implement on their own to start seeing some results, which is super, super important. You want to make them feel like, yeah, I've got this, I can do this, but I need more help because I want to make sure that I don't keep struggling with this. And the last thing I do want to mention here is that there are people who are what we call freebie seekers. Now the last thing that I do want to mention here is that there are a lot of people out there who are what we call freebie seekers. They go out there, download tons and tons of lead magnet, but don't really open the emails or don't take any action. And so they're never going to buy from you anyway. You don't want to worry so much about those people. You want to focus on the people who are looking for help, who wants help. So it's natural that there will be some people who download it, don't take action, they don't progress. And there'll be people who are really motivated to take action. And that's why they want to download this and implement what you teach. So that's really important in terms of a distinction to note between your freebie seekers and those who are serious, but freebie seekers will always be out there. Now I want to step you through the whole big picture of how this works. So you've got your lead magnet here, but we need to have a place for them to go to, to know what this is about, to enter their name and the email address so you know where to send it. So you need an opt-in page. So the term opt-in page basically means when someone goes in there, take the action and say yes to what you're offering. This can apply for free stuff and for paid events as well. So you've got your opt-in page, which will live on either your email provider site. So that could be something like Kit, ActiveCampaign, GoHighLevel, Wix, MailChimp, Flowdust. You can use any of that. So that's your opt-in page. And then once they opt-in, they click the button yes or download or whatsoever, then it's going to take them to a thank you page. So this is important because we need to know who lands on this page and how many of them go on to actually click submit to opt-in, right? Someone could land on this page, but not go there. So then you need to know, are we getting more than 50% opt-ins? If not, there might be something wrong on the opt-in page that people are going there and dropping off. So this is a bit too much for this course. I do go deeper into it in my client funnel starter kit course. So if you're interested to learn how to set up your lead magnet and the email sequence and your opt-in page and all of that, I will link it shortly to show you where you can go to learn more. So you've got your opt-in page and your thank you page. Then from there on, you should have an automation set up on your email provider site that once they get there, it will then trigger a tag to be automatically added on your email provider platform. So example, again, that will be something like Kit or MailChimp or Flowdesk. And once that is added automatically, that would then trigger a welcome sequence, which will be a series of email when someone first joins the email list. And this is highly, highly beneficial because you don't want the relationship to stop at just one email. They're going to quickly forget you. They may not implement what you send them and they're going to go cold. So having a sequence of or a series of automated emails can be super helpful to keep your lead warm. In those emails, you can also invite them to book a discovery call to learn more about your program. Designed to target people who are pretty warm. They're ready to take action. And beyond that, once they finish the welcome sequence, then you can send them regular emails. So these are like your weekly nurture emails that I send them out and some people are very diligent with keeping up with it. That's obviously very helpful to keep your list warm. And then you can continue to invite them to take the next step, to work with you, to go watch a webinar, to sign up for a course or a program, right? So the nurture emails are designed to deepen and further that relationship. So like I said earlier, if you do want to learn more about how to set this up and you haven't got a proper email funnel set up, then I do have a course called Client Funnel Starter Kit, where I show you a simple funnel that brings in clients consistently. You set up all the automations. I have tech tutorials, just like what we do in this course, where you can go deeper into it. So let me just quickly show you what it looks like, okay? So we've got lessons going through how the funnel works, how to create the actual lead magnet. You get a lot of prompts to show you how to set it all up. I teach you how to write the five-part welcome email sequence, how to set up your funnel tech, and then you have templates to promote it on social media as well. So if you're an existing Momentum client, you get these training included in the program. But if you're not, then you can purchase this. And as a client here on the Leads on Autopilot course, you do have a 50% off discount that you can use. So that's the code CFSK50 that you can use to get 50% off the course. All right. So now that we've covered the email component, I want to quickly show you how to set things up on the Ads Manager platform. So these are just some basic steps. I'm going to go deeper into the tutorial. All right. Now that we've looked at what a lead magnet is, and all right. So now that we have looked at how to get things going, all right. So now that we've looked at how the funnel looks like for a lead magnet, all right. So now that we've looked at a lead magnet funnel and what that looks like, let's take a quick look at the initial setup for your campaign on your Ads Manager. So first of all, when you come in here, this screen should look familiar because we've stepped through how to set things up in module one. And the campaign that you do want to choose is your leads campaign, because what we want Meta to be optimizing for is lead conversion, meaning how many people will opt in and convert from that. We're not selling anything. So we're not using a sales campaign. We're not asking for awareness or for people to engage. We are wanting an actual conversion so that Meta will go and find more people who are more likely to opt in just like the people that has been opting in. So it's going to keep optimizing those results. All right. And what you will need as a quick checklist is first of all, your lead magnet to get started. If you haven't done all of this, pause this and then go set your lead magnet up and your emails before you proceed further. So you'll need your lead magnet and email marketing provider. So that could be something like Kit, MailChimp, Flodess, Wix has got its own email, GoHighLevel, whichever you choose. I will leave it up to you in the Client Funnel Starter Kit course. In the Client Funnel Starter Kit course, I do step you through the pros and cons of the different platforms and which one to use that will grow with your business. So if you want to learn more, you can go into that. All right. And then the next one that you want to have done is your lead magnet opt-in page to link to your lead magnet itself on your email marketing platform and your thank you page. So these landing pages, all right, so the next thing that I want to step you


it. Alright, so this is a quick checklist showing you what you'll need before you start running the lead magnet ads on Meta. So first of all, you'll need your lead magnet. If you haven't got that design just yet, that's okay. You can go and get the client funnel starter kit or you can... Alright, now I do want to step you through a quick checklist of some of the things that you'll need in order to start running your Meta ads. If you haven't got them set up yet, you probably want to pause this video and come back to it once you've got everything done. So first of all, you'll need a lead magnet. If you haven't got that set up, you need help. Go get the client funnel starter kit course. Secondly, you'll need to pick a email marketing provider if you haven't already chosen one. So there are different options like Kit, MailChimp, which most of you know about, Flowdesk, GoHighLevel, Wix has got its own email marketing active campaign. There's a ton out there and I won't step you through what's best for your situation because at the end of the day, everyone's business is a little different and your budget is different as well. But again, if you need help, I do step into it further inside the client funnel starter kit to help you choose which one is best for your business, depending on the stage of your business and what you need. Once you have your email marketing platform set up, you do want to install the Metapixel as well. So I did explain that in module 1 of the course when I did the walk. So I did explain that in module 1 of this course when I did the walkthrough video. So you want to install the Metapixel on your website if you have one. If you're using an email marketing provider platform, you would also want to have that installed as well so that Meta can track who lands there and who converts. Thirdly, you'll need to set up, once you have your email marketing provider, set up your opt-in page and your thank you page. So these can be done, obviously, if you want a more tailored design, you can get it done on your website. But for most of you, you may not have a website just yet, so you can set these up the design-wise in the email marketing platform. So the next thing you want to do is to also prepare a welcome sequence. So that's a series of five emails which I dig deeper into in the client funnel starter kit. And then you want to have some creatives designed to run the ad. So I'll step you through in the next slide what kind of creatives to use for running lead magnet ads and then you can get them designed or recorded and start running the ads. Alright, so first things first, let's look at static image. So a static image, as the name suggests, is basically just a one slide design. It tells them what this is, you call out who your ideal client is and then talk about what it is. But having the word free in the image definitely helps. And the other thing I found is having my photo on the image works better than images with just the mock-up of the resource itself. People connect with faces more and when you can show them that you're a friendly face someone that they can trust or it just helps to quickly show them who you are. And if you're already familiar with your brand, that's great. It stops their scroll. So that's a static image. You can obviously design it according to your brand. You don't have to make it this complex. It could be as simple as talking about the benefit, having your picture there. You don't need to have a mock-up and then tell them to download now. The second type of creative that you run is a b-roll. So these two are really important. I highly recommend you have those two types of creatives. A b-roll is basically a video of you doing something. It's probably stuff that you already do for your organic post on Instagram. So you're filming yourself cooking or you could be walking, working on the computer or whatsoever and you have text appear. Alright so this is a video from one of my clients Instagram page, Kristi. So it shows her preparing dinner. She just said if you want to have a pain-free. So this is one of my clients, Kristi, from her Instagram. So this is one of my clients, Kristi, from her Instagram page. So this is one of my clients, Kristi, from one of her Instagram posts, which I thought would be a great one to repurpose as an ad. So on there she is preparing dinner, cooking and it says if you want to have pain-free periods, fit into your favorite jeans and actually enjoy date night, you should be doing this. So you can get them curious to go click and learn more into your ad, which... So I want to step you through some examples of different styles of ads that you can run. So starting with the static image. As the name suggests, it is a one slide image where it speaks exactly to what this is and the benefit of it. So it's really important that you, first of all, call out the problem or it could be outcome driven. You tell them what it is, the goal of it. You can show them what they're getting. So that's a mock-up of the resource. You don't always have to do it. I do find it helpful. And also mentioning free guides. So using the word free there helps to reduce any resistance that people have in giving their email address away. And the last thing that I'll mention with this ad is that I find that ads with my photo do tend to convert better than ads without my photo. If it's just text-based or if it's just a mock-up, it doesn't seem to convert as well. So again, this is for you to test to work out what works for your page. So I like to have my photos on there. Now the next one is your b-roll. So b-roll is a really important type of ad or a video based ad. It's really important to run as a lead magnet ads because people get more out of video. Meaning that they can see you, they can get to know your personality and video is always more engaging. So this is a just a snippet from one of my clients reels on her Instagram page. So it's an organic reel which I thought would be a good one to run as ads. Her name is Christy and on there she's speaking to what her ideal client's dream outcome is. Saying if you want to have pain-free periods, fit into your favorite jeans and actually enjoy date night, you should be doing this. So it's getting someone curious about the dream outcome. So then that will encourage them to go click into the ad to see what it's about and you can of course explain it in your captions as well. Now one adjustment or one addition that I would make to get this even more targeted to reach the right people is by having calling out the ideal client on the text itself. So you could say calling all endo-warriors. So for her situation she's an endodietician so I would say calling all endo-warriors or you can say to my busy mom struggling with your weight. Something along those lines of course. Of course you don't want to say struggling with your weight because that's going to be bad. So an example could be calling busy moms who are finding it hard to keep your weight stable. Something like that. So that's your b-roll ads. We've got another type of ads which is your demonstration ads. So this is where if you have a meal plan then you want to show them what they are getting inside this free resource. So it could be you making a meal which is a recipe from your meal plan then saying you know. So the other type of ad you could run is a demonstration ad. So I couldn't find a suitable one because believe it or not not a lot of nutritionists or dietician runs ads so you're very early to the game which is awesome. But this one is from Abby Sharp on her Instagram page and I just took a snippet of one of her reels where she has created a very beautiful salad. So you can do the same if you have a meal plan. You can create the recipe show people what it looks like and then tell them if you want more go download this. So this is another really effective type of ads. You need to make sure once again that is speaking to the ideal client. So who this is for needs to be on there. Alright now with your captions it needs to follow this very simple structure I talked about it earlier in module one. Start with the hook, talk about the problem, speak about the outcome that they want and then the call to action. Call to action is really really important because what you want them to do is to download your free guide. So the next point here are some two examples of call to actions you can use for this ad which I will show you how to set it up in the next tutorial. So the CTA could be learn more or download because they're downloading a resource. Now a very common question that I get asked is how many ads should I run for my lead campaign? So this campaign is to convert more leads so obviously you just want to stick to one campaign. One to two ad sets. As a beginner you probably just want to stick to one ad set because you don't want to make it too confusing. Now remember the ad set is for audience so you're reaching a cold audience targeting people who don't know you at all and you can have the location set to you know if you're in the US your local area in the US or if you're in Australia you can set it up to Australia or if you want to combine all of that into one ad set that's totally fine as well. I do find that a starters if you don't have much data on Facebook it's probably easiest if you just keep it broad to maybe a couple of the biggest areas that your ideal clients would be from. I just find that if you're starting with ads you don't have a lot of experience with it just keep it to one ad set to one or two big countries that your ideal clients are from and you can combine it in there. Alright and from there one ad set you can run as many ads as you like obviously it depends on your budget but for someone who's starting with about ten dollars a day an ideal budget for an ad like this would be about ten to twenty dollars a day. If you have multiple ad sets let's say if you have now the next question that often get asked is how many ads should I be running? So with this campaign it is designed to get you... so another common question that I get asked is how many ads should I run? So because this is one campaign being... so another common question that I get asked is how many ads should I run? Now bearing in mind this is one campaign here for your lead magnet so it's one campaign with the same objective which is to get you more leads for your email list. Secondly with the ad set which is the next part of the hierarchy I would say one ad set is more than enough for most of you to get started with. Remember ad sets the type of audience and for most of you you're starting with people who don't know you so that's your cold audience. You may or potentially try and separate them into different locations I would say beginners you don't need to try this but if you want to get very advanced testing you can separate them into US audience, Australian audience wherever you want to or even do interest-based targeting meaning target people who have an interest in a public figure. Someone who is really famous in your niche area or whatsoever but those are quite advanced again I wouldn't try it for the beginning. So one ad set there to start with and under your ad set you can have as many ads as you like but ultimately it comes back to your budget because if you don't have a big budget if you have 10-20 ads running you're gonna stretch the algorithm so hard that you struggle to get results and I would say for most of you you're probably starting at about 10 to 20 dollars a day. So with $10 a day to get started considering that it can cost anywhere between three to ten dollars per lead your ideal is three to five dollars okay that's a goal you need to be aiming for. With ten dollars you'll get about two opt-ins which is not a lot for Facebook ads to test but it is a starting point and so with twenty dollars a day you'll get four leads of course that will give you more consistency as you go along when things stabilize you'll know what's working and what's your average cost per opt-in. So you probably want to start with about two to three creatives and that can be a mix of one to two static images and then one to two b-rolls so your videos do convert better so if your budget is stretched then maybe two videos and one static and then wait for three to five days after the ad starts running to give it time to work things out. You cannot go metal too early and adjust things because Facebook is going to need time to work out what's working what are people liking what are they engaging with if you turn it off on day one that's not enough time at all don't panic so give it three to five days seven days will be even better and then you turn off the one that is underperforming and then you continue to scale the ones that are better so you may increase your budget to get better performance or you can continue to add more graphics and different variety of captions to test it but again with ten dollars a day no more than three ad creatives at a time. So that is it for this lesson that gives you a quick overview of lead magnets the funnel that you need set up to run your lead magnet ads and also the types of creatives that performs. Alright so that's it for this lesson we've covered the types of lead magnets that work well the funnel you'll need to set up a checklist of things to have ready before you start running ads and also I stepped you through the different creatives to use for your lead magnet ads. In the next lesson we're gonna go look at the meta dashboard and I'll show you how to get it all set up so I'll see you over there.
