---
Source Program: Leads on Autopilot
File Name: M3L2 - Setting up Lead Magnet Ads.mp4
---

So in this lesson here, I'm going to step you through how to set up your LeadMagnet ads inside Ad Manager. But before we go ahead and do that, we need to actually make sure that your pixel is set up correctly on both your website and your email marketing platform, depending on which one you're using for hosting your LeadMagnet landing page. Now first things first, I want to talk about the pixel. So earlier on in the first module, I talked about what a pixel means, and now let's look at how to set it up. A pixel basically is something that fires and allows Facebook to track when someone has taken an action. So for the purpose of your LeadMagnet, you want Facebook to know when someone lands on your LeadMagnet opt-in page, that they've actually gone ahead to go and say yes and download your LeadMagnet. So Facebook will be able to track how many people has taken the action. So what you're going to do is come in to your ads manager, go to events manager, and then you go in and select data sets and pixels. So the pixel is the one that you would have set up earlier in module one. So from here, you're then going to say, set up meta pixel. If you already done this earlier, that's great. If not, this is what you're going to do. So there's two ways to do it. So if you've got your website or your email marketing platform like Kit or Flowdesk or whatsoever, you can, first of all, choose to install the code manually, or you can check for partner. So basically then you can go through and search the platform. So some of you might be using WordPress, or if you've got an email marketing platform, you can go through and search for it, basically, if you can't find it. So let's say we're going to go Kit. If Kit is not on there, then you will need to go into Kit itself and set it up manually and install the code. So that's what you'll need to do, first of all. Now, if you need further instructions on how to install the pixel, each of your marketing platform should have a help page or your website. Just go and Google, how do I install Facebook pixel on a Kit landing page, for example. You would then set this up, follow the instructions and integrate that. Okay. So that's a very key important step that you need to get done. Now the second thing that I will show you as well is how to set up the actual ads. Now first things first, you would be going into your... Now after you've got your pixel set up, the next thing we're going to do is to go ahead and set up your lead magnet campaign. So you go into your ads manager and hit the button create, and then it's going to ask you which campaign it is. So we're going to select the leads campaign, which will allow you to... Now once you've got your pixel set up correctly, then the next thing we're going to do is to set up the actual lead magnet ad. So go into ads manager, hit the create button, and then you're going to go select leads campaign, which will allow you to send people to a landing page to set up your lead magnet. Now once you've got your pixel installed properly, the next thing you're going to do to set up your lead magnet ads is to go in here and select the create button. Now once you've got your pixel installed properly, then the next thing we're going to do is to go ahead and set up your campaign. So go click... Now that you've got your pixel set up, then the next step is we're going to go create the actual campaign. So hit the create button there, and then you're going to choose the leads campaign and hit continue. Then it's going to bring you to this screen here. So this is where you work through one tab at a time. Go top to bottom, go to the next tab, and then you set up your ads. So we're going to call this something that is easy for you to remember. You know what this is. So you could say lead magnet, I'm going to say meal plan, and it's whatever you think it's easy for you to remember. So we're going to set this up. You can also say the start date. So 15th January, okay, so you remember when you started this. Then in terms of buying tab, we're going to do auction, the campaign objective as leads. That's that for that first one. The second part is setting your budget. So we want to be able to adjust the budget manually. So we're going to select ad set budget in case you run additional ad sets in the future. So we're going to call this the lead LM, lead magnet, and meal plan guide, and then the date that you're starting this campaign. I like to do that so I remember when I've started it. In case in the future, I want to refresh the campaign and recreate it. So then the next step is to go through with what the campaign details are. So we're setting it up as an auction. It's a lead campaign, no need to change anything else. And then the next step is setting your budget. So we're going to call it LM, which stands for lead magnet. And then whatever your name of the freebie is, and I like to add the date. So I remember when I started this campaign. And then you're going to go through to the next step, which is campaign details. So you select auction, that's the buying type. It's a lead campaign, really important you get this right. If not, then you'll have to delete the whole thing after the ad starts running and restart another one from scratch, which is painful and it's a waste of time as well. So make sure you get the campaign right. And then the next thing is selecting the budget. So we want to control the budget from an ad set standpoint instead of the whole campaign. That will give you more control in case you want to test new audiences, then you can adjust the ad set there. This is going to be ticked as a default. We don't want to share your budget with other ad sets. You want to manually control it. And because Facebook likes to suggest things a lot, it may not always be the best for you. So I would want to just untick this and then don't worry about A-B testing. Don't worry about the special ad categories as you're in the nutrition category, you're not selling financial stuff for politics or whatsoever. So we'll leave that. Now the next part is going to the ad set settings. So we're going to name this ad set according to what this audience type is. So I'm going to call it a cold audience, and I will put the date as well of when I've started this. So you can call it a little bit more, you know, just to help yourself understand what this is. So I would say LM meal plan guide. Okay. So I like to put cold or warm at the start so I can distinguish what type of campaign audience this is. So at a scan, you'll be able to quickly skim through and see which one this is. Okay. So you name the ad set and then you go on to the conversion location. So it's going to default to website and instant forms. At this stage, you're just setting it up as a website landing page. Website can also mean your email marketing site. So then we're going to choose website. And then the next thing it's going to ask you is to choose the performance goal. So we're optimizing for the number of conversions. It's going to ask you, do you want to optimize for value of conversion, meaning how much the purchase is. But this is not a sales campaign, we don't have to worry about it. Maximize the number of landing page views. Again, this is not that important. So we will leave it. You got to select the pixel, the data set, which is the one you've set up earlier. Conversion event. Now this is really important because you want Facebook to know where people will end up once they've opted in. So you probably wouldn't have this set up if you have a website or if you're using Kit, you'll need to get this set up. So to do that, just click on it. It's going to come up with all the events you have selected. Now I'm going to quickly show you the events section. So with mine, I've gone through and added a whole bunch of events that I generally track. For yours, it will be empty. So you need to set it up from scratch. And these are basically pings that Facebook or the location, the destination will send to Facebook. So how many people has opted in after going to your page or made a purchase or whatsoever. So if you haven't got that set up, click create custom conversion. It's going to have this pop up. So let's call it lead or let's call it your plan guide. Select the data source. The action source is website. Event is not all traffic. So this is a lead campaign. You want to select lead. And then the URL is basically where people will end up after opting in. So you need to go to kit or whatsoever platforms you're using to find what the thank you page URL is. And we'll usually have something like that. So you could have thank you at the front. If not, just set this up. You can adjust it accordingly based on what you want to call your page. Thank you. And the meal plan guide. So we're selecting this very specific thank you page because we want to try how many people who land on your meal plan site or the opt in page then converts from there. So it needs to be specific. You can also have equal as well. So that's that. And then leave the conversion value. It's not a sales campaign. Don't have to worry about it. And then you go ahead and create. I'm not going to go ahead with that. And then go through the steps. All these leave as it is. Now we're going to set the budget so you can set your daily budget. You can start with 10 up to $20 a day. I think that's more than enough. The start date and the time and then leave the rest. You don't need to have an end date. Now we're going to set up your audience. So earlier on, I said that this is a cold campaign as meaning that you're going to reach people who don't know you at all. So first of all, we're going to select the location. So you need to give Facebook an idea of who to reach. You don't really necessarily want to include everyone worldwide because first of all, it's a really broad audience and you may be wasting money on regions where people are maybe from a third world country and they're less likely to buy from you. So it's going to always default to where you're from. So you can also set it up to another country where maybe your ideal clients could be from. So I'm going to do the big four, which is Australia, Canada, US and UK. You can of course just have one depending on who you can serve. So we've got the big four. You can see as you're doing that, the audience will get bigger and bigger. So if your budget is not very big, then it's just going to be stretched really thin. So be mindful of what you select. Minimum age. Again, you can adjust it if you do have a minimum age of people that you want to target. So you can come in here and say, okay, I want to reach people who are above 25 years old. Leave languages. Now you do want to exclude certain people. One thing that I do want to mention here is because this is a cold campaign, you don't want Facebook to go hit people who already are on your email list or are current clients because you're trying to get Facebook to find people who don't know you yet, who are not on your email list. So you're not wasting your money, right? People who already are working with you don't need to download your lead magnet. You can just send it to them. Okay. So to do that, we need to exclude. So you need to tell Meta, exclude these people. So again, it's a custom audience that you're going to set up. So go click that. And if you already have uploaded things previously, you can just go search. So for me, I have previously uploaded my email list. So I said, I want to exclude those people. If you haven't got it set up, go to this section here where it says audiences, and then you can set up a custom audience. Now the next step from here is choosing the placement. So scroll down to placement, show more settings, and you can decide where you want it to show. So we will actually go through and adjust things a little bit more later on, but I think that is all fine. The yes, it's the placement controls here. So we want to say that, let's say if you only are running real ads, then you want to exclude Facebook, because I mean, reels can still show up. And if your ideal clients are still there, you can use it, but we don't need to, you can untick things that are not relevant. So that is for Facebook. We can adjust it. Let's say you don't want threads, and we're just going to keep it to Facebook and Instagram, or you can just do it as Facebook. Then it's going to allow you to further limit that. So click on each one, and then you can adjust it further. Right now it's just showing Instagram because that's what I have chosen. So once this is all done, then go on to the next section, which is your leads section. So once this is all done, we're now going to set up the ads itself. Remember earlier I said you can have around three ads per ad set. If your ad budget is around $10 to $20 a day, that's enough to get started. So we're going to just create the first one as an example. So I'm going to call this static. And again, I like to put cold or warm at the front. So cold, static, ad, and then the date. And then just go through and follow the steps. Choose the pages or places that you want to run it to. If it's just videos, you may decide not to run it to Facebook if your audience is not there. But anyhow, go through and then go set up, manual upload, single video or image. And then you can leave this one there. The URL. Now this is really important. That's where you want to send people to. So like for example, my one for the lead magnet ad. So that is basically the opt-in page. So you need to add the URL. You can also preview URL as well. So just make sure that you get that right. Once everything is set up, you can go through and test it yourself as well and just make sure that your opt-in has counted as a result in your ads manager. And then browser add-on, just select none, don't add a button. That's if you want to call or something. So I wouldn't suggest adding anything on there. And then next you're going to go set up the creative. So video image, and then just make sure you've got your URL correct, go to media, and that's where you can select what you want to add. So I'm going to use this one as an example, and then go through to the following stage. It's going to suggest media crop for placements. So mine's a square one, so I'm going to leave it as original square. And then in terms of when it shows up on the vertical feed, so that's on stories or on Reels feed, it will still be a square. So I'm going to leave it as it is because it wouldn't look nice if it's zoomed in. Go on to the next step. And primary text is basically where you add your captions for it. So I've already pre-written some example captions. I'm just going to copy and paste that in here for you. Okay, so you just go in and add. Now, notice that how it's all jumbled up. So what you'll need to do is to go through and add spacing. So tends to do that, right? Add spacing. But anyhow, once we get to the end, I wanted to show you I've added the link to my lead magnet, add opt-in itself here, so that, let me just get that down, so that people who are viewing this on Facebook, for example, can still click on it. They can't click on it on Instagram. So I've just added it as another placeholder. There will be a button that people can click on as well. So we're going to just make sure you have that there. Now, Advantage Plus is going to pop up and say, hey, do you want to try different options? It could increase conversion. I just like to leave that as it is. The headline is basically what they're going to see next to the call to action button. So I generally want to say, let's say it's a meal plan guide. I like to say the word free, so it grabs people's attention and it reduces any objections. So free meal plan guide. And then the call to action here is the ones that I'll recommend is learn more or download for a lead magnet ad. Okay, then it's going to recommend more things. Do you want to adjust this using AI to increase a conversion? I don't like this. You know, sometimes it likes to change my face and make me look different. You can see the different suggestions, but I'm going to say, no, thank you. I don't want any of that. So make sure it's all turned off. I'm going to click next, and then it's going to suggest even more things. So I like to just turn it off. We don't want to add all this. You can have a play around and see what it looks like. You know, if you are happy with it, with them adding music by all means, but I personally don't want to have too many bells and whistles there. So keep it simple, click next, and then you can preview the ad and see what it looks like on there. And then what else are we needing to do? So keep going, scrolling through. We've got all of that done. You can see the preview of the pop-up there. Okay, and then just make sure you tick website event. It's tracking the pixel. So that's one ad done. You can preview all the details here and what it looks like.


Once you're done with the first one, let's go duplicate it for the second ad. So this one could be a video that you want to run. So you duplicate all the settings, click original complaint, duplicate it, all right? And then what you're going to need to do is to rename it. So this one is a video, so I'm going to say real ad, remove that copy there. And then you're going to go through and repeat the steps. And instead of a static, we're going to go through and change it. So it's on the ad creative, so we're going to delete the previous one and then go add video. So that will be that next step. And then you can add a video. So that was the video that I've done, again, as an example for you. Like to keep it as original and then go through and adjust the text if you want a different type of text. I tend to like to test the graphics or the video first versus testing different variations of the captions, right? So just go through all the steps and you're done. Then you'll be able to preview that here once again. Now because this is mainly mobile, that's what it will look like. If you select desktop, it will be changed to the square or taller, the portrait setting. Right? So just make sure all the settings are done. Once you're happy, then you can click preview to publish or show you all the ad sets and ads that you've got. You're happy with that. And then just make sure that your timing, I always like to come back and check this of when it starts. It's in the ad set level that this is all set up to go. So I like to set up an ad to start early morning, not midday, not towards end of the night, because you want Facebook to have a full day, counts to full day to test things out. So you can adjust it and say 1am or 2am or whatsoever. All right. So that's pretty much it for the lead magnet ad set up. It's very simple, very straightforward. Just follow through the steps and just make sure that you have your events conversion set up. You have your pixel set up and then you're all good to go. So have fun with this and I'll see you over in the next lesson where we talk about how to monitor your results and make adjustments and tweak based on what data it feeds you back with. And you can continue to optimize your campaign from there. So I'll see you over in the next lesson. So that's pretty much it for this lead magnet set up. I hope that the instructions. So that's pretty much it for the lead magnet ad set up. Have fun. Make sure that you follow through and check through everything before you launch ads. You've got your pixels set up properly. You've got your custom events set up so we can track the conversions. And I will see you over in the next lesson where I'm going to step you through what to look out for in the results after testing and when to tweak and stop ads that are not working and when to scale ads that are doing well and the benchmarks to look out for. So I'll see you over in the next lesson. Bye. 
