---
Source Program: Leads on Autopilot
File Name: M3L3 - How to Tell if Ads Are Working.mp4
---

Alright, welcome back. Now in this lesson, I'm going to step you through how to interpret your results for the lead magnet ads and tell if things are working, when to tweak and when to scale your ads that are working really well. So first of all, here's what you need to be looking for. So I've given you an example of my lead magnet ad and some of the results there. So you can customize your columns for the data that's being displayed. And once again, if you don't know how to do that, go back to module one where I show you how to set up the columns. Now first of all, you want to see the results you want to know over a period of time. So this one I believe was over a week perhaps. And the results are how many successful opt-ins did you get? The cost per result, so the cost to get one person to opt-in was $3.55 for me, which is amazing. So that's good. The reach, how many people went out to, the impressions, and that's how many times people saw the ad. So that could be one person seeing it multiple times. The frequency, which is two. The results are ROAS. So you don't have to worry about this one. I have it because I have an upsell with the lead magnet, so I want to know with my ads how many people are purchasing the upsell and that helps to cover my ad spend. So for this particular one, I didn't have it set up properly, so it didn't show. But anyhow, the next one is CPM. Not that important. It's just how much it costs to show your ad to 1,000 people. $28 is pretty good most of the time, I think somewhere between $35 to $50 something. It depends on how competitive your ad is in the space of the industry. Next one is Checkout Initiator. Again, no need to worry about it. And then cost per click and so on and so forth. So the main thing you want to look at is your cost per lead. That is the key metric. And a healthy cost per lead, it will also be called cost per result, CPR as well, refers to the same thing. The healthy benchmark is between $3 to $8 per lead. Again, if you're in a different country where the currency is a bit weaker, then let's say it's $3 USD, then it would be about $4.50 in Australia, which is pretty good. That's why I've given you a slightly higher range. You know that your ad strategy needs review if it is starting to increase and cost more than $8 per lead. The next metric, which is a secondary metrics to track, meaning that it's good to look at to inform your overall adjustments, but it's not the main thing you want to measure your ad performance against, but it gives you some indication on what needs to change. So that is your click-through rate, meaning that how many people saw your ad will then go through and click to look at your landing page. So a healthy CTR is over 1%, and if it's under 0.8%, you'll need to review it. And that's usually a problem with the messaging or the hook, or even the graphics as well. So these are the things that you need to look at. Next one is your cost per click. So cost per click is how much does it cost to get one click to go through to your ad. A healthy CPC is under $2 per click. It will need review if it's over $2.50. And usually if it's more expensive, it means that your creative or your video is weak and we need to change it. So you may need to adjust the video quality, or it could be changing the image. Maybe it's too cluttered. Maybe it's not obvious enough calling out your ideal client. So CPC is generally an indication of a weak creative. Now the next metric to track, which is also a secondary metric, is the frequency. So frequency is basically how often are people seeing your ad. If someone is seeing your ad three times a day and they're not taking action, that's a problem. All right. It means that your ad is being seen too often. It's getting fatigued and it's time to refresh your creative. So that's usually when the frequency is more than 2.5. If it's under 2, then that's good. You can usually add a new creatives or just change up the video, keeping the same hook and the same text if it's working. Now how long do you need to let your ads run for? So I mentioned earlier that you do want to give Facebook enough time to gather data to determine what's working and to stabilize. If you judged them too early after the first couple of days and start making changes, then you could sabotage the results because it hasn't gathered enough data yet. Now your cost per lead can also fluctuate depending on the time of the week or the day of the week, depending on the season. If it's holidays, it might be slightly higher and all of that. So it's normal for your CPL to fluctuate a little bit over time. But if it's going from say normally $3 gone up to $10, then that is probably a problem and you shouldn't be seeing that much of a variation. Let's say it could go from $3 to $5 to $6 over the weekend. That's normal. Generally, you want to look at a trend over seven days. Don't just make your judgment call based on one day. Seven days will give you enough of a pattern to analyze. And then over time, over a long period of time when you've been running your ads, you can just compare week to week to make sure things are stable. And if things are trending in the right direction, then the best move you can make is to just continue scaling it. If you want to get more people into your funnel, then you are going to need to increase the ad spend. But it gives you predictability and know what's needed. Now there is an issue that people don't often talk about. We look at all the metrics on Ads Manager and try and adjust those things. But sometimes it's a simple tweak with the landing page, meaning that for people who click through but they don't convert, they don't go and opt in, it could mean that there's a messaging or a misalignment issue with your landing page. So here's what you want to look at. So if your CTR, your click-through rate, and your CPC, your cost per click, those are two very healthy metrics, but the other metric is your landing page views per link click. So meaning that how many people who click through the landing page loaded properly. If it's a number that is under 60%, then it usually indicates that your page is slow to load, the link is broken, so the link doesn't work, or there's a tracking issue that needs you to go into Events Manager and recheck to make sure that it's tracked properly. So if those two numbers, CTR and CPC, is healthy, but your landing page views per link click is low, meaning that people are not continuing to let the page load to go through and opt in, then that's an indication you need to adjust or review your landing page. If the landing page conversion rate is low, the benchmark is 40%, if it's low, people are not converting, that means they're not putting in the... Now there's one thing that people often overlook because they spend a lot of time tweaking the metrics, looking at the data on Ads Manager, they forget to look at the problem in the next step, which is your landing page. Then that's when you need to start really fine-tuning things because you could have really amazing CPL, which is your cost per lead, click-through rate, your CPC, these are very good numbers, but then what happens next is an issue. Then that means it's the landing page itself that needs adjustment. One thing that you could look at is your landing page views per link click, meaning that when people click on the link, how many had the landing page loaded properly, if it's under 60%, that usually means that your page is slow to load, or there is a broken link, it doesn't work, you didn't set it up properly, or it's a tracking issue, meaning your custom events are not tracked properly, so you need to go back to that step to review it. The other one you want to look at is your landing page conversion rate, meaning how many people who landed on your landing page went on to opt-in. You can typically see this data inside your email marketing platform, but because if you don't have your organic and your ads traffic separate, meaning that you've got two different landing pages for each type of audience, like your Instagram audience versus your ads audience, then it's harder to just see that metric inside your email marketing platform. You need to come into ads manager to look at it and work it out manually, and you want at least 40% of people convert. If it's lower than that, usually means that there's a misalignment, the messaging is not hitting home, the formatting of that page is not good, so it's hard for people to know where to go, it's confusing, or it just is too hard to read. There's multiple things to look at when we're reviewing someone's landing page for the lead magnet. The way to work it out is you want to pick the results section, so that's your leads, how many leads you converted, divided by landing page views, so how many people loaded your landing page, times by 100, so that will give you a percentage. An example is if you've got 25 leads that opted into your lead magnet, divided by 80 people who viewed that page, times 100, that's a 31.25 conversion rate, which is no good. That means we need to go and adjust your landing page. These are the key metrics to look for when it comes to reviewing data and adjusting for your lead magnet ads. Remember, what you do here will be amplified through what happens organically, so if the issues haven't been fixed organically, you should be able to pick up your landing page issues. When you advertise it on Instagram, you talk about it on your stories and stuff, if it's an issue there, this is just going to be amplified, so make sure you have those tested, you've run or spoke about your lead magnet, you've marketed and spoken about your lead magnet organically, and fix any issues before running ads. That's why we say to my clients, ads will amplify what's working and will also amplify what's not working. Organic is still really important, testings are over there, and make sure that's what people want before you start running ads to it. That's it for now, I will see you in the next module, where we're going to learn about webinar ads.
