---
Source Program: Leads on Autopilot
File Name: M4L1 - Webinar Ads.mp4
---

Hey there, welcome to Module 4 of the Leads on Autopilot course. Now in this module, I'm going to step you through how to use meta ads to consistently fill your webinars. I'm going to chat about how powerful webinars can be to nurture your leads, to get more applications for your programs and to grow your business. I'm also going to touch on how you can run ads. I'm also going to step you through, I'm also going to dive into what type of ads you need to be running for webinars because they're a little bit different for the other two types of ads, how to get it all set up in the next lesson and the key metrics you need to track and benchmarks to aim for to optimize your webinar registration. So let's get into it. Now first of all, I want to show you this diagram once again, because the role of webinar ads are very different to profile view ads and lead magnet ads. By the time you run webinars, your leads are somewhere along this section by now. So they have gone from a cold audience who doesn't know who you are at all to now getting onto your email list and hearing from you from time to time. Hopefully we haven't ghosted our email list subscribers and we have continued to email them on a regular basis. Now we have them in the warm leads bucket. So webinar ads or webinars in general are designed to step them through further. It is a very effective way because in the one hour to 75 minutes that they spend with you, you can instantly build trust, they get to know you, you can then very quickly move them across the line to becoming a hot lead and invite them to take the next step. Some people will sell in a webinar, some people will invite them to submit an application or to book a sales call. So whatever that is, that mechanism, we are turning them into hot leads and so you'll get a smaller number of people as they progress through this journey. And webinars work extremely well for service-based businesses like dietitians and nutritionists because health is such a personal thing, so people want to spend that time, get to know you and be sure that they're making the right decisions for their health. So you might have some questions around, is it the right time for you to run a webinar yet? So you may have some questions around, when is the right time for you to run webinars? They work really well when you... So you might have some questions around, when should you be running webinars? So you may have some questions around, when is the right time for you to start running? So you may have some questions around, when is the right time for you to start running? So you might have some questions around, when is the right time for you to start running webinars? So these are some key things to kind of use as a screening criteria in a sense to gauge whether or not you're ready or do you need to have some more things in place? So first of all, you do need to have an audience on social media, you need to have people that is in your circle so that they know. So you might have some questions around, when is the right time for you to start running webinars? Although there's no gold standard. So you might have some questions around, when is the right time for you to run webinars? Now there is no right or wrong answer, but there are some best practices and things that I would get you to assess yourself or the stage of your business again. So it will tell you if you need to spend more time doing the attraction phase, so spending more time getting more people into your world, into your social media page, or do you need to do some more nurturing before you run webinars? So first of all, you would ideally need to have an audience on social media already. And understand your ideal client's pain points really well. You should have a few clients by the stage and you have worked with them, so you know how to get them results. You have, you have honed in on your messaging, so you know how to get people to say yes to your offer. Secondly, you want to have an email list, this is really important. Now some people have asked me how big of a list should I have before I start running webinars? Before I start running webinars, I would say you want to aim for around a hundred people that should give you enough of an audience to pitch to, to get them to register for your free webinar. Next, you want to have a clear next step for them to take or something to sell. So one of consults is not really something that you want to sell. Having put all the work into promoting this webinar and running this hour long webinar, you want to sell something more solid. So in that sense, you want to have a clear program framework that you can explain and step them through and share more about your offer with them. And then lastly, you need to be comfortable showing up live, running a live webinar, be able to talk and run presentations comfortably. I would say all of us are going to have nerves the first time we run a webinar, or even to this day, I still have a little bit of jitters or butterflies in my tummy when I run a webinar, but that is absolutely normal. If you don't feel anything at all, something is wrong, I think, right? Most of us, we feel excited. And so it's fine if you feel a bit nervous, it's okay. The more you practice, the more experience you're going to get. And the whole key is to refine the messaging, refine the flow of the webinar so you can get it down, down packed. So the whole point is to refine the content, the messaging, the flow of everything, and the sales pitch so that you can have everything down packed. Now, the next thing is we want to be thinking about what makes a webinar successful. So you probably have seen a lot of people running webinars out there. It's very common in 2026, but there are a lot of people who are running webinars in 2026, but there are some key things that distinguishes a webinar from being... So the next thing we want to look at is what makes a webinar successful. If you haven't got your organic webinar down packed, so the next thing we want to look at is what makes a webinar popular and successful. It's one that drives registrations for. So the next thing we want to look at is what makes a webinar successful. One that people want to register for, that will lead them towards becoming a client. So first of all, I would say you want to have run this webinar live in real time a few times before you turn it into an evergreen webinar, which runs all the time, because you want to make sure that having a live group of people there, that creates more engagement. It helps you to practice and to get your skills of selling and your messaging honed in. So it's really important that you have validated that your webinar works in real life, in a live webinar setting before you turn it into an evergreen webinar. Now, the next thing you want to look at is making sure that you've got a clear topic. It needs to be specific to your ideal client. It needs to be specific to what they want. Ideally linking it up to a strong outcome that they really desire or promise that they will walk away from this webinar knowing X, Y, and Z. You don't have to promise everything, but it needs to be beneficial as a starting point for them, and they know that they're not going to waste a 60 minutes. They're going to come and learn something and realize something, and they know how they can take the next step. Now, the next thing is I talked about having a clear process or framework in place, because this is something that you want to speak about in that transition stage from teaching to selling. You want to share with them your framework, especially in the teaching component, so that they see that that's the wise next step for them to take, and then that's going to get them curious about how you can help them. And fourth thing is you need to have a clear, logical next step after the webinar. So once you finish teaching, you have the offer, the pitch component that you can tell them what to do next. Is it to submit an application to work with you? Is it to book a sales call? Is it to purchase something? So that needs to be very clear. And that is basically how you decide on the webinar topic. You want to look at what the end goal is and then work backwards to map out your webinar topic. And lastly, you need to remember your goal of a webinar is not to overload people with information. I know some people do feel a little bit icky about running webinars because perhaps they've been to some in the past that is full of sales pitches. And so they're like, I don't want to do a webinar. And so with that, they then overcompensate by loading so much valuable information in there. It becomes a course and it becomes too much and too overwhelming for that person, which will then negate the need for them to go further. Maybe they're like, oh, thanks for all of that. I will go away and work on it on my own. And then you're going to lose them. So remember, people don't register for webinars, even if it's a free event. They don't register for it because they need more information. They register because they want to feel better. They want to have clarity and direction on the next steps. Now, just in case these terms are not clear. Now, just in case you're not familiar with what the types of webinars are. Now, just in case you're not clear with the terminologies, there are two different types of webinars. So you've got your live webinar that happens at a set time, a set date. Some people will launch. Now, just in case you're not familiar with the terminologies and how it all works, there's two types of webinar events. So you've got a live webinar that happens on a set date at a set time. Some people will run this as part of their launch campaign. So they launch and they have a webinar to kickstart that. So with that, you will need to choose a time and a date for it. And some people will run two or three sessions to accommodate for different time zones and availabilities versus an evergreen webinar, which basically is the same webinar that runs in the background all the time. People can register for it and it runs without a big audience. Basically, you can record it. You prerecord the content. You put it up on a webinar platform. People will choose a time to register. It will look as if like they're in the live experience. So you can set it up. Some platforms like EverWebinar allows you to set it up like a live webinar. In fact, it's an evergreen, or you can just run it as a replay on landing pages. And that may not convert as well, but it still works. So it just depends on your budget and everything. But for the scope of this course, where we're talking about Facebook ads, I'm not going to dive too deep into the different types of webinars, what you need to get set up, the email sequences, the strategy behind it all. But if you haven't got a webinar set up and you're curious how this is going to work for your business to get leads all through the year, not just during live launches, then you would want to get inside the Momentum Club. That's something that I support my clients with. We dedicate a complete module to that where they learn about webinars. So they get my slide by slide template for the webinar slide deck. They get all the emails they need to send. And we have tutorials stepping you through how to set it up on the webinar platform. We even go into what webinar platforms are out there, the pros and cons. So you can choose the right one to run either a live webinar or an evergreen webinar. If you're a Momentum client, it's inside module five. So go in there and take a look. If you are not a client just yet, I would love to work with you and dive deeper into the strategy to help you develop your signature program and launch with more confidence. I'll pop the link below for you to learn more about Momentum Club. I also accept private clients as well. If you're at the stage of your business where you're making close to $10k, you want to scale to $20k, $30k, then I would love to hear from you. So I'll pop the links for all of that in the description section below. With regards to how the webinar registration ads are set up, when you go to the campaign objective on Ads Manager, it's exactly the same as your lead magnet ad. So you are selecting leads objective and we're optimizing for lead conversion. So the whole point is to get people convert from the opt-in page. We're not optimizing for sales or anything or applications because that happens in the webinar, right? So our objective here is to get as many people onto the webinar as possible. So here's a quick checklist of the things that you will need to start running webinar ads. So just very quickly, I want to show you the objective setup inside Ads Manager. So you will see this screen and once again, what you want to choose is the leads objective, just like your lead magnet ad. The whole goal of this campaign is to get as many registrations as possible for your webinar. We're not optimizing for sales or applications because that happens after the webinar and you can run another type of ads by that stage, which is more advanced. So we just want to focus on getting the webinar registration ads started. This can happen for your live webinar or your evergreen webinar. And here's a quick checklist of the key things that you'll need to have in place to run webinar ads. So you want to make sure you've got all of that set up, have ran it organically and then you can amplify or accelerate the registration by running webinar ads. So what you want to do is making sure that you've tested and ran these. Now let's take a quick look at a. So here's a quick checklist of the key things that you'll need to have in place before you start running ads to fill your webinar. So first thing first, you want to have made sure that everything runs smoothly organically, you've tested it and that people are registering for it before you run it as ads. So this checklist in particular is key things that you would have done if you've ran it organically. So of course, you need to have your webinar slide deck and the topic dialed in. You need to have an opt-in page, which allows people to register for your webinar. And then you'll need to have a thank you page. Again, it's a landing page that people will be sent to once they register. Now, just a quick note about this. You can get more advanced with your tracking because your Metapixel may not always be fully accurate because of iOS privacy issues and stuff. It may not track everything. So instead of using the same landing page for your organic traffic and your ad traffic, you can actually just duplicate your organic landing page and make it ad specific by adding a slug of maybe, you know, FBA, which is Facebook ad or meta or something at the end. So, you know, that's the ads version. So we actually do that. So we track our leads very well. We know exactly how accurate the metrics are. So then the next thing is having your email marketing provider, of course, because you need to send a bunch of emails, which are your webinar confirmation and reminder email after someone opt-in, you want to get them to the webinar and show up live. And that is the goal. You want to get as many people onto the webinar as possible. And then you want to automate a series of email. You can also send this live as well, where they get emails after the webinar with the replay, and then you have a series of emails, which invites them to take the next step, which is to apply to work with you or to book a sales call. And then you want to also have creatives already to test. Now, just very quickly, you should have already done this step, but I want to mention it again. If you haven't got Metapixel set up, you want to install it on your website and also email marketing provider system. And the other one is your webinar platform. So it just really depends on which one you're using. If you're using something like EverWebinar or Webinar Jam, you can install it on there as well. So let's take a look at some of the different creatives that you can run. So of course, there is that static image, which is your bread and butter of all ads. I always like to have a few just to test the angle. It needs to be very clear. So I like to put the word free masterclass or free webinar there. So that stands out. And then calling out who it's for and what they're going to achieve that. So very simple webinar graphics. It just showcases what the outcome is. And then a CTA there telling them to save. And then a CTA there that stands out and tells them to save their spot or register now. So you can test different angles. The second type of ad that works really well is your b-roll. Again, you're just going about doing your stuff and then you're adding text to it. So let's take a look at the different types of creatives you can run for. So let's take a look at the different types of creatives that works very well for webinar ads. So you've got obviously your first one, which is the static images. They are your bread and butter. So that's basically one image. And then you've got your b-roll. So you've got your b-roll. And then you've got your b-roll. And then you've got your b-roll. And then you've got your b-roll. So that's basically one image.


image that showcases a few components to it. So first of all, I like to use the word free webinar, free masterclass. So that stands out to people as a free event and then who it's for. So you can see that that's big and it will stop the scroll off the right person because I don't want anyone registering for the webinar if they're not my ideal client. Now, the third part to this is the outcomes. So for me, it's sharing the roadmap to building your business to six figures. So you can share what the key outcome is. Again, it helps convince them why they should come. And then I, you don't have to do this, but I add a CTA button there just to draw their attention to what to do. So you can say, register now, save your spot or something along those lines. And if you notice, I said in my earlier lead magnet ads, I like to have my picture on there because that attracts people that already know me. All right, now the second type of creative to run is your B-roll ads. So B-roll is basically your Instagram reels. It feels very innate, doesn't feel like an ad. It's not as light in your face, aesthetic ads. So they work really well. I do find that videos work very well for webinars, but sometimes my aesthetic images work better. So it's always good to test both. So with this, you have text popping out. And then the last one is talking head. So you can do it in a variety of ways because you're speaking to people who already know you. So for your webinar campaign, you wanna run it to your warm audience. You can run it to cold audiences, people who don't know you, but it's gonna be a little bit more expensive. So I always say, start with your warm audience for running these ads. And so, because they already know you, you can do talking head reels where you're speaking to them about a problem, and then you're inviting them to register for the webinar. And you can also do it as a different style of talking head where I have used the green screen effect to share what I wanna talk about. My client basically here, and I'm talking about her journey. And lastly, ending with the same CTA. So it's a slightly different type of video to capture people's attention, people like to hear about other people's journey. So that was a great way for me to get people to register without being too salesy. Okay? Now, in regards to the captions, you wanna follow the same structure as you would have for writing lead magnet ads as well. So you wanna start with the hook, go to the problem, the outcome, and then the CTA. So just an example here, I know some of you wanna see it in action. So I've broken it down into each component for you. So first of all, you've got your hook. And for this, I said after working with 200 women, PCOS of course tailored this to your niche, here's the biggest mistake I often see that keeps women from falling pregnant naturally. So I'm calling out the ideal client there, which is women PCOS struggling to conceive. So then it will stop the scroll of the right person. So then it will stop the scroll of the right person. And that's what you wanna do. You wanna get them to keep watching. And then you move on to the problem component where you talk about the issue itself. So an example here could be it's hard to fall pregnant when your hormones are out of whack and your sugar levels are fluctuating all day. So I'm talking about that issue. You could be talking about the symptoms, all of the struggles and challenges that they have. And then you move to the next step, which is an ideal outcome that they want. So here it could be one of my clients fell pregnant within two... And then you're moving to the next part, which is the outcome. So the ideal goals that they want to achieve. And so I said, one of my clients fell pregnant within two cycles of doing this or following this framework. Just a little word of caution here, of course, if you are an accredited practicing dietician or in Canada where you're tightly regulated with regards to... And then the CTA is telling them what you want them to do next, which is to register for the webinar. All right, so let's take a look at how to write captions for your webinar ads. Now we follow the same structure as you would have for your lead main ad, starting with the hook, moving on to the problem, talking about the ideal situation outcome that they want, and then having one CTA, a call to action in place. So I'm gonna use the example here of a PCOS dietician and the hook was starting with something that calls out the ideal clients and it stops the scroll. So we're being specific here by saying, after working with over 200 women with PCOS, here's the biggest mistake they often see that keeps women from falling pregnant naturally. So I'm first of all, establishing my authority. I'm talking about working with women with PCOS who are struggling to conceive naturally. So it's gonna stop the scroll of the right person. Next part is talking about the problem. So we want to have them relate to our content. So you talk about the challenges they're facing, could be talking about the symptoms. So this one here says, it's hard to fall pregnant when your hormones are out of whack and your sugars are fluctuating all day. So of course you can expand into it and talk more about the problem, but this was just a short example to show you. Next part is the ideal outcome that they want to achieve. So I said, one of my clients fell pregnant within two cycles of doing this. And the CTA is I'm sharing my three-step framework in a live training next week. It's free and I'd love to have you there. Click the button below to register now. So that's the urgency, they're saying it's next week and getting them to register now. So one thing that I do want to mention is that if you are in a tightly regulated profession in Australia or... So there's one thing I do want to mention is that if you're accredited practicing dietitian in Australia or from the States, we are tightly regulated with regards to how much you can share with case studies and testimonials. So you want to avoid using outcomes that can potentially be counted as testimonials or sharing something that implies everyone's going to get the same results. All other professions, except those regulated by APRA are allowed to share that. So you just got to be careful if you are in the States, there's some regulation you can go ahead with sharing wins and things like that, which I think is extremely powerful. But irregardless, that's the structure to follow. Okay, now just a couple more things to talk about. When do you start webinar ads? Now, just a couple more things to share. Now, just a couple more things to highlight. First of all, when do you run webinar ads? So first thing first, it depends. If you're running a live event, there is a time urgency. So you're going to try and get as many people in during that time. I would say two to three weeks before your first webinar would be great. That'll give you enough time to start the ads, to tweak it and then refine things and scale it. If you're running an evergreen webinar, which means it's on all the time, as soon as you validated your live webinar, you set it up for an evergreen format, you can start running webinars. You can start running webinar ads for your evergreen format. And lastly, looking at the campaign budget. So same thing with the lead magnet ads, you wanna have one campaign, which is to convert for as many webinar registrations as possible. Under that, you would wanna start with one ad set. At the very least, you can have up to two or more, depending on the types of audiences you're testing. And if you were just starting with one ad set, you would want to target your warm audience, people who already know you. Now, why not the cold audience? The cold audience is generally more expensive because they don't know who you are. So they're less likely to wanna go watch a one hour training right away. And even if they do, they may not convert right away. It's gonna take them some time to go through your nurture journey. And so let's start with a warm audience first, that's gonna be cheaper and quicker to convert. In terms of the number of ad creatives, I would recommend you start with about three to four to test in different formats. So you've got your static ad, about two of them, and then one to two videos or B-rolls or talking head reels. And once you have it going, wait. Again, wait for three to five days first for the data to come in, to stabilize, and then you can turn off the underperformer and either add a new creatives or continue to scale that. In terms of budget, I would say allocate about 20 to $30 a day for it. It is a little bit more. We would have by this stage already gotten more clients and seen some results from the visibility ad and lead magnet ads you're running. So by this stage, you should have a bit more budget from getting more clients already to run these ads. So it's looking at about 20 to 30 because that gives Facebook enough of a budget to spend to go and gather information. So in terms of cost to acquire a registration or cost per lead, it's around about five to $10. It depends on how niche your market is. So if you're looking at the numbers, you could potentially get anywhere between two to six leads a day. So you just continue to stretch the budget as you get more information. You might go up to 50 to $100 a day, depending on the period that you're running it for and then scale it. All right, so that's it. In the next lesson, I'm gonna step you through a tutorial of how to set up your webinar ads inside Meta Ads Manager. So I'll see you over there.
