---
Source Program: Leads on Autopilot
File Name: M4L2 - Setting Up Webinar Ads.mp4
---

Hey, welcome back. So in this tutorial, I'm going to step you through how to set up your webinar ads. Now the way that it's set up, it's very, very similar to your lead magnet ads. There's just some tiny differences, which I'll step you through and show you during the setup process. So first of all, let's go into your ads manager. You want to come to this section here and hit create, and then you're going to choose the campaign objective. So what we want to optimize for is the number of leads opting into your webinar, not the sales campaign, because at this stage, we're not asking them to buy anything. It's a free event and the sales will happen after or during the webinar. And that's something else that you'll be running later on. This is talking about much later on once you have got enough practice running your webinar registration ads. All right. So next step, click next, it's then going to take you to this step where you're going to start going through the process of naming your content. So let's call it, let's say this is a live webinar, so we could name the webinar. Let's just give it an example. So we'll call it webinar and then the date. So let's call it, so let's call it webinar and we are going to then name it accordingly. So I'm going to write February 2026 as the example of when you would live. So let's name, so let's go through the process to name a webinar. So first of all, I like to start with what this is. So webinar, and then we could name it and call it fertility. So let's go through the process of naming the campaign. So first of all, I always like to say webinar so I know what it is and then we'll call it. So first of all, let's go through the process of naming this webinar. So I'm going to, so first of all, let's go through the process of naming this webinar. So I'll always like to type and start with. So first of all, let's get started with. So first of all, let's start with naming the event. So we're going to name the webinar. So let's get started with the campaign name. So I always like to start with what it is. So webinar, and then we're going to call it fertility, a masterclass or whatever this is. And then the month or year that's running. So I'm going to go February, 2026. So we know which campaign this is, and then you're going to go through the process. Once again, make sure that it's auction, it's objective as leads. And then we're going to go through and set the budget. So budget, I would still do it as ad set budget, turn off this suggestion from Metta about sharing your budget because you want to have complete control. And then we're going to go AB testing, leave it off and the special ad category, leave it off as well, and then click next. And then we're going to set things up in the ad set level. So here, remember earlier, I said that I would start off with testing a warm audience. So I would then start with, call it warm, and then the fertility, a masterclass, and then the date that this ad is started, because you could have different ad sets running for the campaign. I just like to put in the date so we know when this was started. And the conversion location. So the first one is you want to select just one thing. So you go single and then website. So we're sending them to a landing page to sign up for. And once you've done that, we're going to go to conversion. So in terms of conversion location, we need to select a single location. That is your website, which is where you're going to send them to your landing page to register for your webinar. Next one is the performance goals. So you want to maximize number of conversions, number of people opting in to your webinar. And then the data set, that's when you select the pixel and the conversion event. So again, you are going to need to set this up in the custom and then the conversion event. So again, you want to set this up as a custom event where you can put in the thank you page link for your webinar registration. So Facebook can track when someone has completed the registration, takes them to the thank you page, and then whatever platform it is, it's going to then fire your pixel and it will be tracked as a registration through ads. Okay. So you've got to set that up there and leave the rest there. And then we're going to set the budget for this particular campaign. So I would recommend starting with about, I would say if you can, $20, if not $10 a day, which will take longer for Facebook Together information. $20 to $30 is a really good budget. So I'm going to put $30 for now, the schedule start date. And then the next part here is setting up your audience. So we do want this ad to be going to a warm audience. So we're going to start by, first of all, setting up the location. So you've got Australia and say, if we want to go United States, that would then broaden your audience a little bit more. You can see it's already gone up to $166 million. If you don't have a huge budget, you just want to test Australia or wherever you are, you can limit that to one place. But I would say generally start with the big twos, basically. And then you're going to go set up more controls. In terms of that, you would want to look at, say, the age range of your ideal client. The minimum age that you want to attract could be over 25. So then set that up as that. You would also want to exclude these custom audiences. So custom audiences is basically people that you, a group of people that you want to exclude, which I've already, again, mentioned in the last training. But you want to, first of all, perhaps exclude people who have previously registered for the webinar. So the next thing that you want to do is to exclude certain groups of people. And the main group of people you want to exclude is people who has registered for your webinar, because you don't want them to register again, right? So you would do this by, again, setting up your custom audience. So for me, it will be people who has registered for the webinar in the last 30 days. So they don't get shown the ad again. And then you can go through and adjust more things. So let's say you want to include people who are on your email list. So that's your warm audience. You go through and set this up, people who's visited, opted into your lead magnet. You want to also exclude. Now the next thing that you want to exclude are also your clients. So let's see if you've already uploaded this list to Meta to let them know who your clients are. So then you can also add it on there. If not, you can go to the audiences section and set this all up. The next thing is you want to tell Facebook, is there a certain group of people that you do want to attract and give Meta some guidelines. So you could go there and set the ages up. Let's say PCOS, women trying to conceive, I'm going to go 25 to 40. Okay, genders, you could attract both. Or if you just want to target women, you can select women. And then the next part here is it's asking if you want to set up some interest behaviors so that Facebook knows that certain people who are interested in something are more likely to be interested in your ad. I would leave it for a warm ad, but for a broad ad, that could be another ad set. You can select interest as another layer. Okay. And then one thing I forgot to set up, it got skipped earlier, is the custom audiences. So these are again, guidelines for Facebook to know what type of people to search for. So generally you want to target people who's visited your Instagram page or your website recently, people who have downloaded your lead magnet, they're on your email list. So you can set this up in your custom audience section. So 180 days, I'd say would generally be a good period of time they've seen and engaged with your website, with your content. So you can just go through and add that up and that becomes your custom audience list. And then you can save it and give it a name so that next time when you want to run a similar webinar ad, then you can also come in and use the same audience. Okay. So that's the main thing. And then the last part that you want to set up is the placements. So depending on where people are most likely to hang out, you may have audience that are mainly just on Facebook and Instagram. Then I would turn off the rest. I would say some ads don't work very well for threads. So we'll just turn that off for now. And then you can go through and specify it further. Now you notice that how it doesn't allow you to specify. So notice how it doesn't allow you to specify where to show it inside Instagram. And that's because you need to come in here, it says include. Now, once you've done that, the next thing that you want to do is go to placement control. So you can adjust the finer things about where you want it to show up and go through each one. So let's say your feeds, where do you want it to show up? I would say most things just leave it ticked, stories, let's see, yeah, I'll leave most of that ticked as well. Ads on Instagram and Facebook, search results, marketing message, leave that, apps and sites, we'll leave that as well. All right. So that's the ad set setup. And then we're going to go to the next section, which will then allow you to set up ad names. So generally for registration ads, I would say try and have two static ads and then two videos to test. So that would start with, let's say, we'll call it static, and then have a little kind of descriptor so you know what this is. So you could say mistake, and then the date that you've started this ad, then you can go through and change it. So you could say static one, if you like, mistakes, static two would be dream outcome or whatever your image is so that you know which ad it is. Okay. And then you'll go through and set up the ad itself. So we're going to leave it as manual download, single image, and then you're going to pop in the link of where they should go to register. That's your landing page for your webinar registration. And then your browser add-on will be none. And here's where you go in to set up the creative. So if it's an image, click on that. If it's a video, click on that. Now let's go through and set that up as an example for the static. So when you come in here, it's going to show you the static images. I'm going to use that one as an example. And it will ask you to select a ratio for vertical. We're going to keep it as original so that it doesn't stretch out and look funny. Okay. And then go through the next step. This is where you add your captions. And remember earlier as well, I did say you want to have the link to register as well because some places like Facebook, the link is clickable. So you can add the URL in there as well. Okay. And then what will happen next is it's going to ask you to select whether you want advantage plus added on. So it gives you more options basically to test the captions. I usually just leave it off. And the next part is writing the headline. So for this, you want it to be specific. So you could say register for free training or free fertility training to make it even more specific. Okay. So that's basically, it's the text that people see next to the CTA button on the ad. And you can add a few options. So I would say having three options is good. Free fertility training for women, 35 plus. Okay. So you just do different options for Facebook to decide which one is better. Okay. And then call to action, you have the option of learn more. So that would be the most applicable one for a webinar. I would just, or you can have sign up. That's another one as well. I do find that learn more is more effective. Click next. You're going to come to this screen again, the AI is going to suggest different options. I do not like using this as you can tell, it's changed my face. I look different. Some of them I look better, some I don't. So anyhow, there's no need to use it if you don't like it and then skip and continue. It's going to come to this last screen asking if you want to use these advantage plus enhancements. I tend to turn them off because I don't see how it's beneficial. It's going to do little things that may be enhancing the media text or adding text overlay, visual touch-ups. They don't look much different to me. Now there's going to be some defaults, which you need to take note of. They sneakily will be turned on, so I like to turn off all of them. Click done. So then that's your first static ad there. You can preview it here and then sometimes it would sneakily, as you can see, it's added all these other images and videos that I have done because I am currently running these other ads. It automatically added them, so you want to delete them so it doesn't convolute your results. And then just do all the final checks, make sure that your captions are correct. And then website events, that's tracked and the pixel is linked to your website, to the webinar opt-in platform and to your marketing platform as well. And then once you're done with your static ad, you're happy with it, click quick duplicate to get the second static ad going. If it's a video, you can then click duplicate there and set up your videos. Once you're done, just go through and do preview and check everything. Make sure you're happy with it. Then you click publish. So that's pretty much it for the webinar ad. It's not that different to set up compared to your lead magnet ad, but you do want to make sure that it is very specific to what your ideal clients want. I cannot emphasize that enough. You're not selling anything on the webinar ad itself. You're not getting them to work with you. You're getting them to register for the free event. All right. So that's it for this lesson. I'll see you in the next lesson where I'm going to go through some key metrics to look out for when reviewing your ads and how to adjust things depending on the results so you can fine tune and optimize. So I'll see you over there.
