---
Source Program: Leads on Autopilot
File Name: M4L3 - Benchmarks.mp4
---

Now, in this lesson here, I'll step you through some of the key metrics you want to be tracking for webinar ads, some of the benchmarks to aim for, and how you can optimize your results based on what the data tells you. Now, one thing I'll talk about here is that I know that running a webinar ad can be a little bit more emotional than the other types of ads, because quite often people are running this alongside a live webinar event. So that already can bring along a little bit more stress, you know, you are nervous about how many people are going to show up to your webinar, you're busy preparing for that, whilst at the same time, probably also finishing up your program. And so there's a lot of wheels turning at this point, it can be very emotional. So I wanted to highlight some of the key things that you want to look at when running these sort of ads, so you can make decisions based on what the data tells you instead of making decisions based on how you feel. So first thing first, there are three key metrics you want to be tracking when running webinar ads. So the first one is cost per lead, or in this situation for running webinars, it's cost per registration, still the same thing, you're still looking at CPL, or CPR, cost per result inside Ads Manager. So that's basically the cost for you to acquire a registration, and that's your key metric, the most important one you want to look at. Secondly, your click through rate, so how many people who looked at your ad, then went through to the landing page. Next one is your frequency. So how often are people seeing your ad? First thing first, let's look at your CPL, which is your cost per result, cost per registration, cost per lead. That is going to be a little higher than your lead magnet ads, it's generally easier to get people to opt into something free and easy, like a lead magnet PDF, versus asking them to spend an hour with you. So naturally, yes, the cost per registration is going to be higher. But what matters most is the quality of registrants. So if you get really good quality registrants, if you spend say $8 to acquire a lead to register for your webinar, but you make $2,000 from the enrollment, that is a huge return on investment. And that is wonderful, right? So yes, you may see it as cost upfront, but think about what it brings along if you get the right people, of course. So a healthy cost per lead is usually around $5 to $15 per webinar registration. Now this can differ depending on how niche your niche industry. So this can differ depending on how niche your area is. So if you're in an area where it's very broad, like weight loss, so that would be cheaper to get someone to register versus someone who only work with elite athletes. For example, endurance athletes who run marathons, there's going to be a small subset of that population. So it might be more expensive for Facebook to go find them. So first of all, that could be a reason why it's higher, but as long as you're in that range, that is fine. Or secondly, if your ad set is targeting colder audiences who don't know you, it may cost more to get that person through. But regardless, if your CPL goes above $15, then we will need to review that and adjust something. So higher CPL usually means a messaging issue. So you want to look at the ad itself and the copy. Is it clear? Who is it for? Are we calling out your ideal client in the ad graphic or the video itself? Now secondly, we have CTR, which is your click-through rate. So how many people care enough about your ad, they stop, they scroll to click through to see what this is all about. So a healthy CTR is between 0.8 to 1.5%. And if it's lower than 0.5%, that's not ideal. It usually means that it could be an issue with your hook off the video, hook on the captions, text on the graphic, or the messaging itself. It may not be specific, then it may become a webinar issue that you need to look at. It's not interesting enough for people to get curious about it. So CTR is one that is quite key as well, because you want to make sure that it's grabbing the attention of the right people. Thirdly, we have your frequency. So that's how often people are seeing your ad. So because you are running these initial ads to your warm audience, people who already know you, so they could be on your email list, they could have visited your website recently, they could have interacted with your content, could have DM'd you, they could have submitted an application or whatsoever, they're considered warm leads. So with that, the frequency will be a little higher than your lead magnet ads because the amount of people that's going to reach is smaller. And so anything under 2.5 is fine, if it climbs higher than that, then you may just want to look at refreshing your ads or just adding new additional ads in there to prevent fatigue. But if your cost per lead is still low and it's slightly above 2.5, then I probably wouldn't worry, would just leave it and keep going. Now this is in addition to the key metrics you need to be tracking for running ads. This is more so for what happens after the ad itself. So I do have a couple more things for you to take note of, which is really important for making sure that your webinar is effective. So in terms of the quality of leads, we're looking for a show up rates, a number of people who register and actually came through to attend your webinar. You want to aim for around 25 to 40% show up rate. The more people you can get on the webinar, the better, because that means a higher chance of conversion, because people who show up are more likely to convert and it's going to be higher for your warmer audience. So people who already know you, they're more likely to come for the webinar. And if it's live, your show up rate will be much, much better than evergreen webinars. So it's not saying that evergreen webinars are bad. It does serve the purpose of nurturing people all year round, and you can still get clients from there. It's just that being realistic and understanding that it's going to be slightly lower. Another side tip or things to think about is when people show up to your webinar, do they seem engaged or are they distant and very quiet in the room? Because that will give you an indication of the things that you need to optimize within the webinar itself. And it will help you to see how good of quality those leads are, because if they are completely different to who you want to attract, that's going to be a big question of the effectiveness of your ads or your ad. Now I'll just point out something extra here as well, which is more relevant to what happens on the webinar itself. You don't need a lot of people on a webinar. You may have seen people saying they have hundreds or thousands of people in a webinar. You don't need that. You just need a good number of people there that will, first of all, engage. So if they're very active in the chat, they're talking about pain points that are relevant to your ideal clients, you know you've got the right people in the room. Are they asking questions? Are they staying till the end? That's a big one to think about, because if people are coming, dropping off in the first 10 minutes or even the first 20 minutes, that's a big issue. You want them to stay till the end and hear about your program offer, right? So that's really important to take note of. And lastly, it's what happens after the webinar. So from your webinar, like I said, you want to get as many people live as possible. So in terms of some benchmarks aim for is looking at how many people who attended live submitted an application. So obviously this depends on what you're selling and your CTA. So if it's applications, you want to aim for around two to 10% of people who showed up to the webinar, then went on to apply for your program. And out of those people who apply, you want to invite them to also book a call to talk to you and learn more about your program. So that percentage will be around about 15 to 70% of applicants. And last but not least, I want to talk about this really big elephant in the room, and that is ROAS. So ROAS means return on ad spent. At this stage, I don't really expect you to know this, but as you grow your business, as you run more ads, you're going to want to look at how much does it cost to acquire a customer and what is that return in the amount that they're going to spend with you. So if you're running a webinar ads, for example, and it costs you $15 to get a registration, that registrant went on to submit an application, they went on to a sales call, and they become a paid client and spent $2,000 with you. The return in ad spend is essentially $2,000 divided by 15. So then that would tell you how much... Now I want to talk about this big elephant in the room, because that is something that you'll hear a lot of advanced marketers talk about. And you don't really have to worry about this at the start, but as you grow your business, as you track more metrics, then you want to think about what is your ROAS. ROAS is basically return on ad spend. So how much money you put into ads and how much you make at the end of it. So essentially it is the cost to acquire a customer to get an application or a sales calls. And let's say you spent $3,000 on that campaign itself during a certain period, and you get 30 clients from that. So you want to work out how much did those 30 clients spent in total. Let's say they spent 20,000 with you. You divide that by how much you spent on ads. Let's say you spent 10,000 on ads. Then your return on ad spend is 20,000 divided by 10,000. So that gives you a 2x return on ad spend, meaning that whatever you put in, you put in a dollar, you get $2 back. And that is a very, very important number to know, because once you start running more ads or more advanced ads, then you can comfortably scale your ads and spend 10,000, 20,000 or more to acquire the lead. And you can then scale that further as long as you know your ad stays profitable and your return on ad spend is still staying the same. All right. So that's pretty much it. I don't want to go too deep into this because Facebook ads is a beast. There is so much to learn, but as a beginner digging into all of this for the first time, you want to keep it very simple and straightforward. So let's start with this and then we can go deeper into it in the future once you have more confidence and more data to go with. So that's it for now. I will see you in the next video.
