---
Source Program: Leads on Autopilot
File Name: Next Steps.mp4
---

Hey there, congratulations on getting to the end of the Leeds On Autopilot course and that is a pretty big deal so you should really give yourself a little pat on the shoulder. You now have built a skill set where it gives you far more control over your visibility, your leads, where they come from and how people move through your marketing funnel and that gives you a lot more control than relying on organic content and you don't have to panic if a platform changes their algorithm. And what you have now is leverage. You now have a system to build on rather than guessing where and when your next client is going to come. Look I've been running businesses for close to a decade and as an online business owner these are things to observe in nutrition entrepreneurs as they grow their business. There will come a point where you'll find yourself feeling overwhelmed with a never-ending to-do list of things and it feels like you constantly have to put in more in order to grow. You might be doing a lot right now and you might be wondering why you're not seeing the needle move forward in your business. You might be someone full of ideas but with so much to think about you're not sure which one to execute and take action on. And you might be someone who is looking ahead at your peers who are doing great things in the industry. They're publishing things, they're launching programs, they're making six figures or even more and you're wondering why you're not there yet and what that missing piece of the puzzle is. If you're feeling that way I can tell you you're not alone. I've coached over 1,200 nutrition practitioners and I can hand on heart tell you that everyone goes through the same thing and the value and when you're stuck in the day-to-day of your business it can be really hard to see and get clarity on what the next best step is and that is where coaching and having an experienced support in your corner will help you to move ahead. As someone who's built a multiple six-figure IBS practice, scaled it to seven figures and now with a team of 18 I can tell you safely everyone goes through the same thing and I've invested in coaching support and that is exactly what helped me to leap ahead. It helped me to see the blind spots that I don't quite see yet. It gave me the confidence to take that next step, to know that I'm on the right path and to get the support and the mindset shifts that I needed in order to move into my new season, my next identity in the season that I need to be in. And my friend, I've built a multiple six-figure IBS practice, scaled it to seven figures with a team of 18 and I can tell you what's consistently made the biggest difference is having a mentor and support in my corner. Someone who sees the blind spots I don't see yet. Someone who not just cheers me on but understands my business deeply, someone that I can brainstorm ideas and move forward and make decisions quicker than I could on my own and on top of it is having that personalization and the strategies and that is exactly what I do for my clients inside the Momentum Club and inside my private coaching container. You get that guided support so you don't have to second guess every decision that you make so you have clarity on where you're going and know exactly the steps that you have to take to get there and I help you to create more leverage with your expertise so that you're not just seeing clients one-on-one. There comes a point where you hit that ceiling with your income, your time and your energy so I help you map out the offer suite that you can create to create more leverage, more income and more freedom in your schedule. Everything is personalized so you don't have to worry about joining a big group with hundreds of people in there and never getting to talk to me. That's not the way that I work. We help our clients to feel supported so they can move forward with confidence and not only are we your biggest cheerleaders, we also give you that strategy from an experienced standpoint. So if you're someone who is at this crossroads now, you know you're meant for more but you don't know how to get there and you want to explore what growth looks like in the next season of your business then I would love to invite you to submit an application. If we're the right fit for each other, I'll invite you to a call where we'll chat about where you are right now in business, where the gaps and opportunities are so I can tell you realistically how we can support you to help you get to that next season and next stage of your business. So if you are done but feeling stuck and you want more support then I would love to hear from you. So I'll link the application in the description below, you can go ahead and submit one and we'll have a chat further to see whether or not we're the right fit to work together. So that's it for now, thank you so much for taking the time to go through this course, I hope that you found it valuable, it's given you the confidence to go and run ads, I wish you all my very best and I cannot wait to hear how you go and the results you get with this course. So take care and I'll see you very soon. Transcribed by https://otter.ai
