---
Source Program: Leads on Autopilot
File Name: LOA Sales Page Video - P2.mp4
---

Okay, so right now we are inside the Leads on Autopilot course portal. As you can see, everything is laid out step by step. It's very structured to show you how to plug the system and get it set up. So first of all, in the first module, we're going to go through the foundation. So you'll learn how meta ads work for your health business. You'll learn how to set it up. You'll learn how to set up your ad account. And how to choose the right ads for your business and writing ad copy that converts. So I'll show you in lesson two, especially if you're someone who's not familiar with tech, this is going to really help you to break it up into something that you understand. So let me just start the video. I'll show you step by step how to set things up. So you just have to have this side by side and follow through with that. And then in the next one, I'll show you how to set up your ad account for success as well. Now, I just want to quickly go back to this lesson here where I have a complete checklist. So you just have to tick through the tasks as you go to make sure you've got everything covered. And then in this lesson, I show you how to write ad copy that converts, which is really important because you want to make sure that you stay compliant, especially if you're a regulated health professional. OK, so let's go back to the main dashboard. And then in the second module, I show you how to run the visibility ads, which is your $5 a day ad to help you grow your reach. So you can hit more of your ideal clients out there. Module three is how to grow your email list. Module four is how to fill your webinar event. So that's all really important because it comes together layer by layer to help you grow, to help you get people into your pipeline and then convert them. And at the end of each module, I explain how to analyze the metrics, which is really important. Some courses show you how to set it up. They don't show you how to analyze it. So I show you how to know if something's working and if it's not working, how to troubleshoot and tweak and refine your ads so that you can get the best cost per lead.
