---
Source Program: Momentum Club
File Name: Video 3 - Apply template to sequences in visual automation.mp4
---

One quick tip to apply your email templates to any of your new sequences in ConvertKit is to when you're actually editing this sequence, for example, we were back in our campaign product launch warmup sequence, if we go to settings, it's going to open up the settings of that sequence specifically in a different window here. You can also get to it through the send function, but this is where it'll apply one template to every email in the sequence. So you can't have different templates within the same sequence, but we can apply a visual template that you've created with the right header or the right theme for a product or an event or a program that you're selling. If you have them named, it can apply that same template to all of those emails. You also can choose whether or not they can go back through the same sequence if there's anything they're going to repeat, or if they should ever stay in the sequence or not. But for now, let's just look at the template. So if we click update sequence, after we've applied a graphic template example, you can see that sequence edits are updated. So let's go back to the content now, and you're going to see in the visual previewer, now it's got a different background. So instead of just the plain text default, which was kind of set up before, now we can see that it's going to have your header. It's going to have your things. It may have a button. It'll have your colors. It'll have all your branding. So that's how you can, even within the visual builder with a new sequence, apply a template to all the same emails so that every email now is going to have that same look and feel for you. All right. That is templates within the automations to make it look and feel like you want.
