---
Source Program: Momentum Club
File Name: Video 2 - Email sequence (visual automation).mp4
---

All right, now let's look at a slightly more advanced automation that you can build and convert kit. Now this does require one of the paid tiers, one of the creator tiers, or an upper level tier to access the automation, so I'm going to work in another basic account so you guys can see what that looks like. But again, when you log in, your menu now is up top, and you can sort of hover over what we're going to build. For automations, there's a couple of ways you can do it. You can build just a sequence. I think the simplest way, though, is to connect all the pieces and start with the visual automations. This is going to be sort of the builder where you can drag and drop, you can create a sequence, you can segment out as needed, you can add tags, you can delay, you can do all the more advanced features. So what we'll do is we will create a new automation and start with that. The simplest version is going to be some sort of a trigger and some sort of a follow-up. And so let's build a simple version because we can always do something a little bit more complicated later on. And again, you've got some good templates already set up here in ConvertKit. So one of the templates we could start with. You can look at preview, all the things. So here's an example of what these can look like. After they opt into a form, we're going to use this product launch just for an example because you guys are launching your programs and your courses. So this will be a good baseline. You can do either a form entry point and or a tag entry point, which could happen through a different sort of automation. There could be an initial sequence, there could be a delay on to either a cart open day or a webinar day or an event date, and there could be a follow-up sequence for that. And then there could be did they buy, did they not, which could be triggered again through tags, triggered through actions, triggered through different kinds of classifications, these sorts of things. So this is a bit more advanced. Let's look at even the first piece of this to just show you what that can look like and how we can start to actually build these. So we're going to use the template. All right, so for starters, let's rename it for something that you're going to remember. And you'll notice that it's going to be default to not live, to unpublished. So when you're finally ready for this to go, we'll toggle this bar over, but for building, we can start here. So again, you have either a form input, which could be a form or a landing page, or a tag, and you can choose a new one. You can build it from scratch here. So let's do just a basic build. This gives you a simple opt-in. Join a wait list. That's a great example of something you guys might do. All right, I'm also going to always recommend that we add a first name, choose from the custom field first name, only because I like personalizing things. All right, you can change the call to actions, you can change the colors. Again, you can really play with some of the visuals of what you want. Again, super simple. And these forms can be hosted. This is a hosted form, which you would put in a website or somewhere else, but you could also use a landing page as your starting point. So if we ever wanted to go back here, you could just choose a different event. Interesting. There we go. Join to form. It could be any of your other landing pages, right? So you can have multiple points of entry. See how you can add different ones here? So it could be through a form you're creating, through a landing page you've already created, or through a tag. All right, all we would do is just choose which tag, fill out your thing, brilliant. All right, and then for the actual sequence itself, these are going to look like a little email sequence. Now, you could also get to these through the send section, where all of your pre-created sequences can live, but you could also create it here in the visual builder. So if you're starting from scratch, sometimes it's a good thing to just have a visual. If you want to have the pieces built first and then plug them together, that also works. But just so you can see what this looks like, again, it'll always open up the view of the editor for which elements you're playing with. And automations in ConvertKit, you're going to see the individual email that you're opening here in the center, and then the sequence of events, you can do it here. So say we want to have three emails in this sequence. We would have one, two, three. You could always just add one here. How these work is we choose the delay. So the first one, let's go back to the first one. We want to do immediately, all right, so immediately. And the builder itself is going to be similar to all the builders. So we can add some personalization. This is why we have the first name, brilliant. Add some copy in here. And then you can add graphics, you can add images, you can add links, you can add all sorts of things. And you can even add what they call snippets, which are where you keep your signatures and that sort of stuff, all right? So we can do all of this. When you're done, you're going to find the publisher. You can also change the subject line right here and play with that. You could edit your preview text, which is the summary of what they're going to see above and beyond the subject line, which usually shows up in a lot of email browsers, all right? So if you could do that for each of our emails, once it's done, we want to drag it over to publish, right, of the individual email. Now this just means this one email is ready to go, but the campaign itself is not, all right? So we can do this with each of our follow-up emails, content goes here, again, you can add the personalization. Take this action. This is a great opportunity for you to just provide more value, provide more context. So typically we would use a sequence like this either as a warm-up to an event to keep them excited, interested, and make sure they're staying engaged with you, or a lot of times sequences can be used as follow-up to an action. And so it can be on either side of an action. In this particular example, we're building it up as a warm-up to something, but it could be little nubbets of reminders, it could be tidbits of reminding them why they got here, it could be extra little previews, it could be extra pieces of value, all sorts of things. So the content will be something that we work on individually and give you support on, but for structure, this is how this goes. So once we have a couple emails published, and you can change the delay, maybe this last one we want to wait a few more days and send it, all right, do all of these things. So when you look at the sequences as a whole, and I always recommend we blueprint this out on paper or in a Google Doc first, and then we can transpose and copy and paste and edit the pieces in here. So what this looks like is they would opt in to either a landing page or a form, or you'd assign a tag to them, and then they would immediately get one email, a day later get a second email, three days later get another email. So that is a very basic automation, and if we go back to Builder, then we can have another delay trigger that starts a second piece of that, right? So we're not going to get into the weeds here, but essentially any sort of date-specific things, we can just change in this direction. Okay, and that will hold everybody here until dates. So you can do a lot of amazing things, but I think the simplest automation is going to be a trigger and then a sequence, and then depending on if there's more things that come later, that's brilliant. The other thing I almost always recommend, and actually I do it before any actions, is I would add or remove a tag, and you can create a new tag if you don't have it created, just so that we have some good segmentation or we're tracking people as they're moving through different pieces, right? See how that inserted this process? So essentially they enter a form, they get categorized, and then they get actually sent the content that you want to send. So that's a simple automation, again, in the paid version of ConvertKit, and again, you can see we can do a lot of segmentation, we can do some conditional pieces, we can change the content, whether they bought or whether they didn't, whether they showed up or whether they didn't. That's all some of the more advanced pieces, but for something as simple as a freebie delivery plus a lecture follow-up, maybe we want to deliver a freebie, which is just like we did in the form, but then also send a follow-up that invites them to a call or invites them to your webinar or invites them to a thing. That's where we could actually use a bit more advanced nurture sequence and follow-ups to send more targeted messages on a sequence that you pre-schedule it. So hope that helps. On the ConvertKit side, again, all of these things you can find through the visual automations piece of ConvertKit up here in the automate section of how to build this, and you can visually drag and drop and build your experience for your customers to go through the communication with you. All right.
