---
Source Program: Momentum Club
File Name: Add to Video 2 - Adding Tags.mp4
---

All right, one quick note as you are building an audience in ConvertKit is one of the most helpful pieces, ways to manage your list is to make sure that we tag everybody according to the actions and behaviors they take. So there's two key ways to do this. One of which is here in sort of the demo sequence and they're both, they both require the paid plans for ConvertKit. So there's not a way to automatically do this in the free plan, unfortunately, but to show you the options, you can do it here in the visual automations, or you can do it in the rules section. So let me show you quickly what that looks like. What it looks like to apply a tag is what we have example here. So if you're adding a plus sign as a step after they enter a form or complete a landing page, the first step can be action, add or remove tag. And from here, you can choose from some tags you've already created, or you can actually type in downloaded my thing, right? Freebie guide. Make sure it's specific enough so that you can at a glance, understand what's happening and you can just click enter and it'll create your new tag, right? So that's how you do that and you can just add that action. So it's easiest if you're a visual person to use the visual automation to have this as a step. I always include it as the first step after a form, before they get emails, before they have a chance to subscribe, before anything else happens, I tag them. So I've got that segmented access to my list, which we can do things with later. The other way is if you look under automation, there are rules which you can set, which is essentially an if this, then that, that doesn't have to be built into an automation, it will just happen every time the trigger action happens. So what that looks like in rules, you could do something similar. So if they are opting into a form or signing up for webinar or opting into download your freebie, we use that as the trigger and then we apply the tag to segment them, right? So all we need to do is create a new rule. Again, these are standalone, so they will just live in the rules section, regardless of what's happening in the visual automation, they'll be happening in the background. So new rule looks something like this, if this, then that. So if somebody subscribes to a form, which is most likely where you guys are going to start. So you pick your form, I use sort of a demo, great. If we do that, then we add a tag. And similarly here, you can pick from any of these things. So downloaded, downloaded a freebie, right? Or again, you can create the new tag here, if you haven't created it before you come into the builder. So there's multiple ways of doing it. I like to have action and then like subject. So downloaded this thing, opted in for this form, attended this event, and that way you've got real clarity and you can have all sorts of tags in the backend. So that way, when you ever want to go to set a broadcast, do some outreach, start a new campaign to a specific subset that's already engaged with you, you have them what we call segmented in terms of we have lists based on their behaviors and activities and their qualities as a potential prospect for you so that you can send more targeted messages to the right audience at the right time. So those are two ways to do tags, visual automation or rules, both require the paid plan, both work equally well. So whatever is the best option for you, you can pick and choose whatever your brand likes to do.
