---
Source Program: Momentum Club
File Name: Introduction v1.mp4
---

Hi there, welcome to the Momentum Club. I'm so excited to see you here and honored that you have chosen to work with us. Firstly, I want to congratulate you for taking this massive step by investing in yourself and your business. I know that you must be feeling really excited to embark on this journey right now, but some of you may also be feeling a little bit nervous and that's okay. It's because you're stepping out of your comfort zone into a new phase and this is going to be a pivotal moment in your business where we're going to shake things up and you'll learn my unique framework that's going to radically transform the way you think about running and growing a profitable online nutrition practice. Friends, taking my practice online has been the best decision that I've ever made and using Instagram as a tool to market myself has been the best thing I've ever done to attract a global audience. We've grown a multiple six-figure nutrition business and I want you to know that this is absolutely possible for you too. The biggest ask that I have for you is to really embrace everything that you're about to learn and trust me as I guide and mentor you along this journey. Right now, I want to share with you five of the most common characteristics that I see my clients who succeed on the program and do really well. Number one is commitment. Right here on the program, we teach you to set 90-day goals and then you get right to work. The truth is building a business isn't about doing what's convenient. It's really about doing what it takes even when the going gets tough. And secondly, my clients who are really successful are the ones who demonstrate initiative. They set the goals and then they do the work. They show up and when they feel stuck, they reach out to ask for help. So I encourage you friends to do the same as well. Really the best way for you to learn when you feel stuck is to first process it yourself. Come up with ideas or potential solutions to the problem. Then come to me and my coach on the team so we can guide you to make a decision. I'm really here to give you a blueprint or framework about what works, but you're not going to learn anything if I just gave you all the answers. Now on to characteristic number three is that my clients are often open. Now characteristic number three is that they're open and coachable. As your coach, I'm going to help you to see your blind spots and challenge you to get out of your comfort zone and point out all the things that other people around you may not be brave enough to tell you. I want you to know that I'm sharing all of these from a place of love and the intention is to really help you to grow both professionally and personally. Number four is that they are not afraid to fail. And when it comes to business, there's no such thing as failure, only really lessons to be learned along the way. So you're going to be ahead no matter what. When someone says no to you, I know that another door will open. So I really want you to go into this with a mindset of being open to try new things and really embrace the learnings that you're about to take on. And lastly, it's all about self-trust. And this is really the biggest gift that you can give to yourself as a business owner. Negative Nancy may pop up in your head from time to time and may hear things like, I'm not good enough or who are you to create an online program? Or you may sometimes get negative comments on social media from haters as well. But friends, I want you to back yourself, have unwavering faith and know that you can't be wrong when you're coming from a place of service and you're here to help people. And next up, I want to mention that although this program goes for six months, you're really not expected to learn and implement everything during this time. We're all at different stages of life. Some of you may have kids, some of you might work full time and I applaud you for doing all of this at the same time. I myself have gone down this path before and I'm still building my business with a child too. So I totally understand that you may be juggling multiple priorities. Instead of seeing this as a race and comparing yourself to everyone around you, I want you to anchor yourself to the program roadmap, which you're going to find in the download section of this lesson. And I want you to know that the timeline for you can be different to the person next to you. So if you're feeling behind, don't fall into the trap of beating yourself up because this is really not productive energy. Remember that Rome wasn't built in a day. So that's why we have ongoing options for coaching to support you after the six months. I want you to focus on where you're heading and we're really here for you every single step of the way. All right, before you jump into module one, I want you to take a really good look through the lessons on introduction module here. So you know exactly what you need to get the most out of this program. Everything you're going to learn is exactly what I wished someone had handed and given to me when I was growing my business in the beginning. So I know that what you're going to learn is really going to help propel you forward in your business. And just a little PS here as well, when you hit a certain milestone in your business, you may or may not be receiving a surprise gift for us. So let's get our heads dirty and set some bold 90 day goals and commit to working towards that. So once again, friends, thank you so much from the bottom of my heart for being here. I want you to buckle in, get excited for this journey and let's get to building your dream business. I'll speak to you shortly.
