---
Source Program: Momentum Club
File Name: Introduction v2.mp4
---

Hi there, welcome to the Momentum Club. I'm so excited to see you here and honoured that you have chosen to work with us. Now firstly, I want to congratulate you for taking this massive step forward by investing in yourself and your business. And I know that you must be feeling so pumped and excited to embark on this journey together. But I also know that some of you may be feeling a little nervous right now. Now that's okay. And it's because you're stepping out of your comfort zone into a new face. And this is going to be a pivotal moment forward in your business where you're going to shake things up and learn all about my unique framework that's going to radically transform the way that you think about running and growing a profitable online nutrition practice. Friends, taking my private practice online has been the best decision that I've ever made. And using Instagram as a tool to market myself has been the best thing that I've ever done to attract a global audience. We've grown a multiple six-figure nutrition business and I want you to know that this is absolutely possible for you too. The biggest ask I have for you here is embrace everything that you're about to learn and trust me as I guide and mentor you along this journey. And right now I want to share with you five of the most common characteristics that I see my clients who succeed and do really well. And trade number one is commitment. Right here, we teach you to set 90-day goals and then you get right into work. But the truth is building a business isn't really about doing what's convenient for you. It's about doing what it takes even when the going gets tough. And secondly, my clients who are really successful are the ones who demonstrate initiative. They set the goals and then they do the work. They show up and when they feel stuck, they reach out for help. So I encourage you to do the same as well. Now the best way for you to learn when you feel stuck is to first sit down and process it first and then come up with some ideas or potential solutions before you come to me and the support coach on the team so we can guide you to a decision. We're here to give you that blueprint, a framework that we know works, but you're really not going to learn anything if we just gave all the answers to you. And characteristic number three is that these clients are open and coachable. As your coach, I'm going to help you to see your blind spots and challenge you. to get out of your comfort zone and sometimes even point out things that other people around you may not be willing to tell you. I want you to know that everything that I share with you is from a place of love and And the intention is to really help you to grow both professionally and personally. Number four is that these people are not afraid to fail and really there's no such thing as failure in business, only lessons to be learned. So you're still going to be ahead no matter what happens. When someone says no to you, another door is bound to be open. So I really want you to go into this program with a mindset of being open to try new things and really embrace everything that you're about to learn. Number four is that these clients are not afraid to fail and there's no such thing as failure in business, only lessons to be learned. So you're still going to be ahead no matter what happens. When someone says no to you, another door is bound to be open. So I really want you to go into this program with a mindset of being open to try new things and really embrace everything that you're about to learn. And number five, lastly, it's all about self-trust. This is the biggest gift guys that you can give yourself as a business owner. Negative Nancy may pop up in your head from time to time and you may even hear things like, I'm not good enough. Who are you to create an online program? Or you may even get negative comments on social media from haters as well. But I want you to back yourself right here. Have unwavering faith and know that you cannot be wrong when you're coming from a place of service and you're really here to help people. Next, I want to mention that although this program goes for six months, you've really not expected to learn and implement everything that you learn during this time. We're all at different stages of life and some of you may have kids, some of you may work full time and I really congratulate and applaud you for doing this. I've gone down this path myself and I'm still building my business with a child as well. So I totally understand that you may also be juggling multiple priorities. And instead of seeing this as a race and comparing yourself to everyone around you, I really want you to anchor yourself to the program roadmap that was set up for you. And this is something you'll find in the download section of this video as well. And know that your timeline can look completely different to the person next to you. And anytime you're feeling behind, don't fall into the trap of beating yourself up because this really isn't productive energy. Remember that Rome wasn't built in a day. So that's why we have ongoing options for coaching to support you after this first six months. I want you to focus on where you're heading and we're all here to support you every single step of the way. All right, before you jump into module one, I want you to take some time to have a good look through the introduction lessons here in the module so you know exactly what you need to do to get the most out of this program. Everything you're about to learn is exactly what I wished someone had given me when I first started growing my business so that I know this is really going to help propel you forward in your business. And just a little PS here, when you hit a certain milestone in your business, you may or may not be receiving a surprise gift from us. So let's get to work, set some 90 day goals and really be bold about what you dream so you can commit to working towards that. So I don't like that. Let's try that again. All right, before you jump into module one, I want you to take some time to have a good look. Good look. Let's try again. All right, before you jump into module one, I want you to take some time to have a good look through the introduction module so you know exactly what you need to get the most out of this program. Everything that you're about to learn is exactly what I wished someone had handed to me when I was in the process of growing the business so I know that this is really going to help propel you forward in your business. And just a little PS here, when you get to a certain milestone in your business, you may or may not be receiving a surprise gift from us. So let's get to work, set some bold 90 day goals and commit to working towards that. So once again, from the very bottom of my heart, thank you so much for being here. Buckle in, get excited for this journey and let's build your dream business together.
