---
Source Program: Momentum Club
File Name: Charlyn - Prescribing vs Coaching.mp4
---

So in this lesson, we'll be looking at the difference between prescription and actual coaching and a directive approach or a client-centered approach. So I couldn't do these modules without including some information and some insight from Carl Rogers. Now, Carl Rogers is a psychologist, but he has lots of insights into the client-centered approach and building a really strong therapeutic alliance. And he has these two really powerful quotes that to understand another person's thoughts and feelings thoroughly with the meanings they have for him and to be thoroughly understood by this person in return, this is one of the most rewarding of human experiences and all too rare. Also, I've come to feel that the more fully the individual is understood and accepted, the more he tends to drop the false fronts with which he has been meeting life and the more he tends to move in a direction which is forward. And one of the key things that we'll be exploring is this relationship that we have with clients and how we can understand, empathize with them and also listen to them. Because sometimes all our clients need is a good listening too. So understanding, okay, what are their goals? Why are they important to them? What are their values and their priorities? What do they struggle with? And why do they struggle to make certain changes that they know are good for them? That's ultimately what we wanna try and understand but truly understand. So let's use this scenario, okay? So a young working mother wants to be fit and healthy so she can keep up with her children and be active in their lives for years to come, okay? She wants to eat healthier but finds she doesn't have the time and it is quite expensive. Now imagine you're the client. So how would you react to these two different types of practitioners? Now the first one we have is practitioner A who just tells you what to do and then tries to convince you by telling you all the horrible things that might happen if you don't. Then you've got practitioner B who actually listens to your concerns and desires and answers your questions and is non-judgmental. I'm sure you'd rather work with practitioner B. But then think about the type of practitioner that you're gonna be, okay? Do you want to give this client just a list of reasons to budget her funds towards nutritious foods or would you just warn her of the negative health outcomes if she doesn't, okay? Or do you just tell her just to buy what's on the sale to keep the costs down or that takeaway foods might be cheaper now but it's more expensive in the long run if you're unhealthy. This style of approach is the directive style of cancelling that typically backfires and it's actually gonna decrease the likelihood of long-term change. So again, chances are that you'd rather work with practitioner B and you want to be practitioner B because as humans, we want to be in control of our health decisions. We want to feel in charge and we feel most respected and heard when our feelings are considered. And just think about a time in your life when you've been ambivalent to change, okay? Has someone just telling you what you should do and why you should do it ever gotten you over the mark? Okay, I don't think so. So we have these two kind of styles of coaching, okay? The first one is that directive style that practitioner A was. It was coach-centered, okay? The coach is the expert. They assume responsibility for the client. They run the session. They talk most of the time. They prescribe the changes to the diet and to the lifestyle and they butt in and give lots of unsolicited advice and they use lots of shoulds. They tend to lecture, demand, convince, and push their clients into making certain changes. But then we have the non-directive style which was practitioner B and they're client-centered coaches and they're the coach that understands that the client is the expert in their own life. They allow the client to direct the session and guide the session and the client then chooses what to work on. They give autonomy to the client, okay? The client has the choice. They refrain from just giving advice unless they ask for permission first and they know that the client has the environment to explore their own thoughts, actions, and solutions. Now, the reason that the coach and client relationship is so important is because we can't make people change. Only they can, okay? And a collaborative approach where you're working with the client is far more successful than a prescriptive one. Creating a really strong alliance between you and the client is really important and this is known as a therapeutic alliance. Now, the research I looked into for this, okay, it was very much based on the therapeutic alliance where it was like counselors and practitioners in that space. But it really translates into the nutrition, health, and fitness space because we're having consultations with our clients where we're learning to understand them and why they do what they do as well and we're ultimately trying to help our clients make changes. A solid therapeutic alliance between you and the clients is vital for your clients to get the most out of their time working with you and a strong alliance that's authentic can facilitate positive and deep connections, okay? And that's gonna benefit the treatment and the outcome for the client. If there's a rupture to your alliance with the client, it can really affect the process. So you wanna try and repair and build that rapport back up and build the trust back up with the client. The research also confirms there's a link between a healthy alliance and positive outcomes and the two main aspects of the alliance are personal attachments between the coach and the client as well as a collaboration and a desire to invest in the process. Some of the main factors that go into building and maintaining a healthy alliance between you and the client is confidentiality. We also have this collaborative approach where you're working together. Feedback, so you're getting feedback from the client on what is working and what isn't. Empathy, which is a huge one and we have a lesson just on empathy as well. Being warm, genuine and caring towards your clients. Having a sense of unconditional positive regard whilst also showing consistency. We also wanna be authentic, okay? So be a real person, show that you're relatable and that you're not a robot. Show genuine interest for your clients and then also give them autonomy. So ask them what they'd like to work on first and ask them for ideas. Some common traits of client-centered coaches is that they know and understand and respect the client's priorities, their values and their goals. They build strong relationships and rapport with the clients. They treat their clients like real human beings and not just numbers. They listen, learn and observe their clients more than they talk. And they make decisions based on reality, not on what should happen. So they adapt the data to real world situations because our clients aren't in a study, they aren't in a lab, okay? They are real people in the real world. Client-centered coaches also collaborate with their clients, okay? Rather than just telling them what to do. We want to let the clients be the hero on their hero's journey and we are just the guides at the end of the day. Some other things that we can do to be client-centered coaches, so some of these skills and practices are showing unconditional positive regard for our clients, having full presence and engagement. We want to be there observing and understanding our clients, having a solution and strength-based mindset. We're also going to be showing appropriate progressions when needed and appropriate regressions when needed with our clients. We also want to practise what we preach. So setting an example for our clients whilst communicating and sometimes having some humour when it's appropriate or relevant. So as humans, we like to be in charge of our own health decisions and we feel most respected when we are heard and our feelings are considered. Again, this client-centered approach is collaborative, okay? And it actually strengthens the person's motivation and commitment because they have autonomy and it's linked to their own personal reasons for change. The client has taken ownership of the behaviour, okay? And it becomes the client's goal, not just to please you as the practitioner, but because it's important to them. So lecturing and coercing and prescribing and pushing our clients, it generally doesn't work. We can still give our clients some tips and advice when they get stuck, but only when we ask for permission first and when that client is actually ready to make these changes. When we put the client in charge, it actually promotes adherence to a specific behaviour, okay? By including the client, they feel more empowered to make the change because they have played an active role in coming up with a solution. Something we wanna avoid is falling into the expert trap and it's similar to the writing reflex, okay? So let's say, for example, a client has said, oh, I wanna add some more veggies into my diet, but into the meals I'm currently having. Now the expert could just say, yep, you could add some veggies to your tacos, pasta, sandwiches, pizza, and soups. However, the client-centered coach says, what ideas do you have for adding veggies into the meals you already make? Or would you be interested in hearing some other meals that often taste great with added vegetables? Okay, so we're honouring the client's autonomy. And this is where we can learn to give advice with the elicit-provide-elicit strategy. Because when we give advice without permission, okay, it's likely gonna result in this sustained talk and it may damage the relationship with the client, which ultimately then slows down the progress towards the change. So this technique shows you how you can sandwich the information in a collaborative approach that respects the client's autonomy. So firstly, we're going to elicit, we're gonna ask permission to provide information. And then we actually provide the information. So we share relevant information, keeping it short and sweet, and avoid imperatives. So we're avoiding saying things like, oh, what you need to do is this, or you should just this, or what you wanna do is this. After we've provided the information, we're gonna elicit a response. So we're gonna invite the client to respond. So what are your thoughts on that? Or what do you think about these ideas? Or how do you think that this could work in your life? Or which of these ideas, if any, interest you? Now there's definitely gonna be times where your clients have really bad ideas, okay? And you're obviously gonna wanna butt in and offer some concern. And tell them that what they're gonna do isn't a good idea. Or now things like cutting out carbs, or going on really restrictive diets, or trying the carnivore diet. Now there's way more. But rather than just jumping in and saying, you definitely shouldn't do that, your role is to let them come up to that conclusion on their own. Because the clients are ultimately gonna do what they wanna do anyway. So again, we can use some reflective listening statements to gain an understanding and evoke the client's reasons and feelings for making a change. It's always the client's choice, all right, what they're gonna do. However, it's our role and our job to make sure that the client has the right information to make a decision, okay? So when we offer a concern, we're gonna be open and honest. But we're not gonna judge the client, we're not gonna argue with the client either. The client will be less likely to argue or react with this sustained talk if you ask permission before offering your concern, okay? But when we're offering concern, we're also allowing them to remain the expert and make their own decision, again, which they're gonna do anyway. Now putting this into action, we wanna just make sure we're listening to our clients. We wanna show them it's a partnership and they have a key role in the change process. We're gonna ask them what they wanna work on, but it also may be from a list of your suggestions. Ask them if they had any ideas on how to action the changes you discuss, and also ask permission before giving advice and try to avoid jumping the gun and falling into the expert trap.
