---
Source Program: Momentum Club
File Name: Charlyn - Goal Setting and Stages of Change.mp4
---

Welcome to the soft skills modules. Over these lessons, what you're going to do is you're going to be learning how to really better understand your clients and develop your soft skills so that we can apply the information that you have and the wealth of knowledge that you have into your client's lives in a way that's going to ultimately lead to better outcomes, better job satisfaction and overall fulfillment. We're going to learn a few strategies that are going to help you ultimately become better coaches and nutrition professionals for your clients, whilst also looking at a few things that we can try and avoid without practices. So the first one we're going to be looking at is goal setting and the stages of change. So in this, what we're going to do is we're going to try and learn how to set goals that are in line with our client's values and deep reasons for wanting to change their lives. Now I'll start with one of my favorite quotes from Viktor Frankl and this comes from his book, Man's Search for Mean. And he says, He who has a why to live for can bear almost any how. And we can really use this when we apply it to trying to build a certain habit or change a certain behavior. When a client has a deep why behind the change, they're more likely to follow through with it. And the deeper the why, again, the more attached they are to that behavior and it really increases their motivation and commitment to the actions that will ultimately lead to them achieving their goals. Now when people come to you, they normally have what we call intermediate goals and we can see the goal hierarchy here. So people want to, you know, they want to improve their health, they want to be in good shape, they want to, I guess, eat a healthier diet. But these intermediate goals, they just aren't enough, okay? And what we can see in the research is we want to try and set what's called superordinate goals or I also call them anchor goals. So they're that deeper reason why they are linked to someone's values and identity. Then we can also break down our intermediate goals into subordinate goals or I call them the action goals. And these are the things that you interact with day to day. So you're essentially starting with an intermediate goal, you're finding your purpose why to reinforce what you're doing and then you're breaking it down into what you actually do day to day. And if we don't have this rich goal hierarchy, it can really set the clients up for failure. So there's many benefits to setting this hierarchy and it really enhances the meaning behind the actions. It increases the effort and the performance of the client. It strengthens their guidance. It heightens importance again for the actions. It helps the clients look long-term rather than just short-term and it really strengthens that connection they have with the future self or the ideal self. Again, like I've said, it increases motivation and commitment to the behaviours and it reduces temporal discounting, distractions and temptations whilst also increasing flexibility and resilience towards setbacks and failures and coping with obstacles that are inevitably going to pop up along the way. So the top layer of the goal hierarchy is the superordinate goal or like I said, I call it the anchor. It's essentially the client's compass, it's the guiding principle. And it's along with their values and the identity, so the person that they want to become. And we can essentially ask them, what kind of person do you want to be? And we want to then make sure that the lower actions match these values. What we can do is we can ask our clients actually like what do you value and give them a list. You can just honestly, you can find on Google, top in like list of values, give it to them as an activity when they first come in and ask them to highlight or list the top three to five values. Again, this is this deep wire that enhances the meaning for the things that are lowered down in the goal hierarchy. So you might even ask them, why do you want to lose weight? Why do you want to relieve your symptoms of RBS? Why do you want to become a parent? Also what kind of person will this help you become? We then go into the middle layer and this is normally where people come to you in the first place. They normally have these goals set like they want to lose weight, they want to improve their health or they want to relieve their symptoms. It's just a general course of action and it is a bit more specific than our ANCAL or our superordinate goal. It's a little bit less abstract. There is a bit more clarity behind this one. The great thing about this intermediate goal is that you can have many intermediate goals to achieve the goals that are higher up in the hierarchy because many roads lead to Rome. So let's say for example we have things like eating a healthy diet, exercising, getting enough sleep, managing stress, being in good physical health. If for example whatever happens in a client's life and they can't exercise or they can't get enough sleep then maybe they can still focus on eating a healthy diet and managing stress because those things are still aligned with the person they want to become. We then go down to the base where we have our subordinate or our action-based goals and this is the what. These are the steps that link up to our intermediate goals and they're the ones that your clients are going to interact with daily and they are the most specific, the most clear and the most concrete. They're essentially what you do and when you do it. So it's like eating yogurt at breakfast, having banana as a snack, getting a glass of water when you first wake up, leaving your phone in another room or exercising at 6am at the gym. These are the things that help your clients tick the boxes that are aligned with their anchor goals. They're the daily actions that lead all the way up to the top of the goal hierarchy. Now the way that we can really find out what our client's anchor is, is just to ask them What is your goal and why is it important to you? And we can see here, someone wants to change their eating habits to lose weight but it's far deeper than that. It's actually because they want to have this sense of accomplishment because they're scared they won't be around for their kids when they need them the most. So we just keep asking why and why and why, like that annoying 5-year-old child, just until we get that deep reason. Some other things to ask our clients would be how would your life be different when you achieve this goal? How would you act, feel and behave differently? It also gives us other measures of progress and also what's the consequence of staying the same? Because then we have, because then the client has something they want to run towards but also something that they want to run away from. Now this activity is great when it works but sometimes there are clients who come to you and they don't actually know why they want to change and they may not have a deep reason. And that's where we come to the stages of change. This is because a person typically doesn't just wake up one day and decide to change behavior and successfully maintain that change for the rest of their life. So there are 5 stages of change that your client may be going through or someone that you know may go through during the change process. Those stages are pre-contemplation, we have contemplation, preparation, action and maintenance. And the first one we have here is pre-contemplation. So this is when a client, they don't really have any intention to change behavior in the foreseeable future. They may be unaware or under aware of the problems and the problem behaviors that they have and they're not consciously considering making any adjustments or changes to their lifestyle or behaviors. They may actually be here for around 6 months. Now these are the clients that you may still have that have been referred to you by a doctor and they're only coming to you because they have been told to or because they think that they have to. They might even say, you know, I'm just here because my doctor made me. Don't take away my favorite foods, I've already given up smoking and drinking. Unfortunately there isn't much that we can do for the clients that are in this stage of change even if we have the perfect plan and that's why I've used George Costanza as my example here. He's saying, it's not you, it's me and this is exactly right. It's not a reflection on you as a practitioner, it's the client. It's just not the right time for them and they don't have the right reasons and it's also not their fault either. We then move into the contemplation stage. So this is where the clients, they start to give some serious consideration into making a change. They're aware that a problem does exist and they're seriously thinking about overcoming it but they haven't made a commitment to take action yet. And again, they could be here for another six months. Now these are the clients who may come to you but they aren't quite ready. They might sign up with you by making a bit of a rash decision even though they haven't really thought it through yet. These clients may say something like, you know, I probably shouldn't eat out for lunch every day but I just get lazy in the morning and I'm always running late so I hardly ever pack a lunch. And these clients are really sitting on the fence as to whether, you know, doing a certain action or changing their lifestyle is actually going to be worth it or not. We then go into the preparation phase. So these clients, they're weighing up whether to make a change, they've done this over the past year or so and they're seriously thinking about putting this into action in the next month. They're trying to combine their intentions and the behaviours and they may have also unsuccessfully taken action in the past. They may have tried to change their diet and lifestyle previously without much success. Now these are the clients who they're probably going to book in discovery calls, they're going to enquire through Instagram, they might even join your waitlist. They might even say things like, you know, I know when I do try to eat more fruits and veggies then I'm going to make a conscious effort to buy some more fresh fruit and veg and have it in my food environment. We then go into the action phase, okay, so these are the clients that you're probably already working with, most of them, and they're attempting to make the required changes to achieve their goals. They are trying to modify their behaviours, their experiences and their environments in order to overcome their problem behaviours and this stage really does require considerable commitment of time and energy and they may be here for, you know, up to six months, sometimes even longer as well. We then go to the maintenance phase, this is when a client has achieved their goal and they're now trying to, I guess, maintain and sustain those new behaviours so they can ultimately maintain the progress because we know a lot of people can get short-term results but it's the maintenance of those results that they really struggle with. These clients are trying to prevent relapses from occurring so they can, again, consolidate on the gains they've achieved and attained by working with you and the timeframe here is probably six months after they have actually started that action phase. There are also probably the clients that have become self-sufficient whilst working with you or they still continue to work with you just because they enjoy it and they still like the accountability. But what do we do with the clients who are early on in the stage of change, they're in the pre-contemplation or the contemplation stage? Now normally, there's nothing that we can do because we can't make someone change and we can't make them move through the stages of change, not even just providing like cold hard facts that could really help them or potentially even save their lives. But what tends to happen is the clients go through this phase of decisional balance. So they start to weigh out the pros, so that's in favor of making the change, and the cons, and the cons are against the change. When the pros start to outweigh the cons, that's when the client starts to progress to the next stage. Again, we can't just list the facts, the pros and cons for them. They need to come to this understanding themselves. So what we can do is we can use some motivational interviewing strategies to help them, I guess, come around to the idea of the pros and that being linked to, again, their identity and the things that they value. There's also some questions that we can ask to try and evoke some change talk from the clients and just try and assess what they're willing or not willing to do. Now these are the two crazy questions. So normally, we would like sometimes say to our clients, okay, what's the pros of changing and what's the cons of staying the same? But this is a bit of a flip on this. It's going to kind of catch them off guard. They're not going to expect this approach and you're asking, okay, what are the pros of staying the same or still doing this problem behavior? And then what are the cons of changing? So let's say, for example, we have a client who drinks a bottle of wine per night. Just ask them, what are the pros of still drinking a bottle of wine per night? And they might list a few and then you say, okay, what are the cons of changing? They might say, oh, it's going to be hard. I'm going to be really stressed still and it's work that causes me to do these things. So we can start to assess this change or sustain talk which we're going to cover in future lessons as well. When we ask these questions, the clients might actually say, okay, there's actually no cons of changing and they come through to that decisional balance themselves. We can also assess what the clients are ready, willing and able to do. So we can ask them, okay, is now a good time in your life to make these changes? How ready are you to change right now? How willing are you to change right now? And how able are you to change right now? Now we can use that as an overall general course of change but we can also use that for certain types of change. So are you ready to start reducing your alcohol intake? Are you willing to start to add more plants into your diet? Are you able to exercise regularly right now? Now the reason we say right now is because we can always come back to it especially if it's a real key behavior that's going to help our client make progress. We can also ask them what they want to achieve from working with you and what they actually want to do. What are they willing to do for the goal right now? So then you have a list of behaviors and the things that they're willing to do. And then ask them what won't you do for your goal right now? So some clients, they won't exercise or they won't touch their alcohol intake because it might cause too many issues because they then have to deal with the reason they're drinking in the first place. So we then know what they're ready to do, what they won't do but again, we can try and come back to that list later on, asking the question again in a month or two months time. Are you ready to work on this? If not, then that's okay. There is a list of other behaviors that we can try and work on. So in summary, we can use the goal hierarchy to help our clients find their deep why and once they have that deep why, you can break it down into an action plan. Try and assess where your client is in the stage of change and then see if you can use the right questions to help the clients weigh out the pros and cons that might help them move through to the next stage of change. And asking the right questions can also help get some positive change talk from your client that you can then expand on and evoke.
