---
Source Program: Momentum Club
File Name: Charlyn - Ambivalence.mp4
---

So in this lesson, we'll be looking at ambivalence, resistance, and when our clients don't follow through with their action plans. So ambivalence is simultaneously wanting and not wanting something, or wanting both of two incompatible things, okay? So let's use the example of someone wants to become an athlete, but they also want to enjoy having beers on the weekends. It's human nature to have these two conflicting ideas, and it's been that way since the dawn of time, and that's from William Miller and Stephen Rolnick. It's important to understand that change is hard, and we want to keep reinforcing this throughout the whole lesson and help our clients understand that making changes are hard, even if you want to do it, okay? It does disrupt the status quo, it's something different to what you're used to, even if how you feel right now is uncomfortable and unhealthy, it's actually comfortable because you know what this feeling is like. And how we approach ambivalence and resistance with our clients can be hugely influential in the client's change journey. If we refer back to the stages of change lesson, we can see that most clients who are in the contemplation or the preparation phase, they're likely to have a bit of ambivalence, so they're gonna have some mixed feelings about starting something new. And also remember that even if you have the perfect plan, it's absolutely brilliant and well-suited for the client, you're still gonna come up against some resistance or some mixed feelings from the clients. And your clients are probably gonna be split into two, so part of them wants to stay the same and part of them wants to make the change. And these feelings of ambivalence and resistance, they may come from the brain just being unaccustomed to the new way of doing things. They may find themselves doing familiar tasks simply because their brain is on autopilot, especially during times of high stress, it wants to go down the most familiar path. And again, feeling two opposing ways about a behaviour is normal and it's a normal part of the change process, so that we can tell our clients this and normalise it so that they don't feel like there's something wrong with them. It's also not something that we wanna avoid, but we wanna try and embrace it and lean into it and contemplate it whilst moving through it with our clients and really understand where the ambivalence is coming from. And that leads us into really understanding our clients. So we can, again, embrace the reasons they have for changing and not changing. And just because they may not want to change or they don't change, don't assume the client isn't motivated enough if they are hesitant or they have concerns about changing. Help your clients express and describe their thoughts and feelings. It might sound counterintuitive, but when you name them and bring them into the open, the weaker they get, okay? So it's essentially you name them to tame them. It's like the invisible monster is way more scary than the monster that you can see, okay? You're bringing this out into the open and it's just not as daunting. And we can also treat ambivalence and resistance as valid and legitimate. They do have a reason why they are showing concern and that's okay. And just remember as well that every behavior solves a problem, okay? Even if it doesn't solve it well. And that means there is a reason it exists. Even if we don't know what the reason is, we can help our clients find a better solution for these problems. We can then just reframe ambivalence and resistance as competing commitments. Now, there may be a number of reasons why a client is resistant to change. And it's because change can threaten their sense of safety and security, okay? If they make this change, what could happen? You know, can they trust the future with this change in it? It can also threaten their autonomy and their self-determination. So they might say things like, don't tell me what to do. I'm doing things my own way. It can also force them to confront things that they may not wanna confront, okay? If I change my drinking habits, I'm gonna have to face my emotional issues. Or if I wanna change my sleep habits, I'm gonna have to face my work habits. Or if I wanna change my bedtime routine, I'll have to have a difficult conversation with my partner about our household routines. Again, like I said earlier, it disrupts the status quo. All right, this sucks. So yeah, I know I'm unhealthy, but at least it's familiar. So why rock the boat? Change also asks someone to build new skills and try new things, where they may not be sure that they can, or they may have actually failed in the past. So they may say things like, I've tried to change so many times. Why should this be any different? Or when they think about all the things they have to change, it can be quite overwhelming. Change may also challenge someone's identity and beliefs. They might say, I'm the fun one. My friends and family will think I'm a party pooper if I cut back on my drinking. So when we have our consultations, we can try and listen for this ambivalence, okay? And also listen and tune into comments that are in favor and opposed to making a behavior change. So when someone makes a comment that's in support of making a change, that's known as change talk, okay? So examples could be, I don't wanna end up like my friends or family who had to get lap band surgery, or I can't believe how out of breath I get at the moment. And then there is sustained talk. So that's when they are in support of staying the same. And this could be, the last night I was on was so strict, I don't wanna feel restricted again. Or there's no way I can eat in the morning. I hardly get to work on time as it is. Or when I get home, I'm so exhausted, I can't prepare a meal or workout. But then you'll find times where a client will speak change and sustained talk in the same sentence. So they might say things like, I know I'd save money if I cooked more meals at home, but I hate doing the dishes and cleaning the kitchen. When it's all said and done, it's just easier to get takeaway. But what we can see is change talk, it often predicts actual behavior change. So we can try and listen out for it and evoke it and expand on it. When our clients are ambivalent, it's when there's a mismatch between where they are and what they wanna be. And motivation for change is likely to increase when the client recognizes there is a discrepancy between their current choices and a personal goal. What we wanna try and do is help our clients see this pattern of conflict between their values and their goals, but do it with great care whilst being curious and being non-judgmental as well. Simply just telling them what to do or what they think is wrong, that's not gonna be helpful, okay? That's being quite judgmental. What we wanna try and do is actually use reflective listening to help our clients see the discrepancy whilst giving them autonomy and helping them come to this realization themselves. So if we use an example, so a client might value health and fitness, but they think there is insufficient time to cook and exercise, yet they watch Netflix and order Uber Eats most nights. So rather than just telling them that they waste their time watching Netflix and they waste their money ordering Uber Eats, that won't help them change. We wanna help them notice this discrepancy between their values and what their actions are by using some reflective listening. So somewhat saying back to them what they have just said in a bit of a different way, and they may go, ah, that actually doesn't make sense. So when a client is ambivalent about a change, they're in a very delicate state of mind and they become highly responsive to your communication style. They're essentially at a fork in the road when they're being ambivalent and a misstep can throw your client into a very reactive stance and they can really start to voice some sustained talk. And this misstep can easily derail their movement towards change. So your style of guidance can determine the direction that the client takes. So something that we wanna avoid is shooting on our clients, okay? So don't shoot on them, don't tell them you should do this, you should do that. Sometimes what someone needs is a good listening too. So listen to their concerns, okay? And support them and be curious and again, don't be judgmental. And then try and avoid using the writing reflex which we're gonna go into now. So it's understandable, you obviously care about people and you wanna help others and you have a great knowledge of nutrition and all the components that will help people. And also, when you hear people being ambivalent, you wanna provide your clients with these simple strategies. And as experts, it can be quite difficult to restrain ourselves from giving unsolicited advice and butting in and saying things like, why don't you just cook extra dinner for the next day? What about trying alcohol-free beer? And what you need to do is keep tempting foods out of your environment. All these things are examples of giving advice without gaining permission from your client first, even though they're there for a consult, okay? And that becomes a roadblock that can interfere with your client's progress. So even though you have the best intentions, okay, the way you go about giving this information is actually not very helpful because it's gonna put a bit of a pause and gonna lead to some resistance from the client and it may also negatively impact the client practitioner relationship which we can see when there's a very strong relationship between you and the client, it leads to greater outcomes. So by butting in, it affects the relationship which then affects the client's results. How you give information is also almost as important as the information itself because people often consider the advice or the recommendations of the people that they trust and respect. So make sure that you are using strategies and acting in a way that is cultivating a sense of trust and respect between you and the client. We can also adopt an attitude of unconditional positivity towards our clients, especially when they're trying to make these changes. It's gonna allow you to support them and they know that they can take responsibility for their actions and accept themselves as they are. But then there's some times where your clients just don't follow through even though they have agreed to doing something. And try not to put it down to them being lazy or lacking discipline. There may be a legitimate reason. So there could be a very practical reason. It could be based on the family, time, life or work commitments. They may actually have a lack of understanding and that's our problem. So we wanna try and make sure they do understand it. When they haven't done something that they've agreed to, all we need to do is ask why. Was it a lack of understanding? Was it a lack of time? Was it a lack of skill? Did something else get in the way? Did they actually not understand the task? Do they know what to do? Do they understand the rationale behind it? Do they even know why it's important? Did we tell them to do something rather than them deciding themselves or working collaboratively? Was it too difficult or could we scale it back to make sure it's more achievable? Do we not have a very clear what, when, how, how often and why? And was there not specific enough instructions? So what can you do as a practitioner to try and increase the likelihood of them making a change? And do you need to either regress the action or offer an alternative? So to summarise, even if your plan is brilliant, you're going to come up against some resistance or mixed feelings. Listen to both change and sustained talk from your client. Use some reflective listening to help your clients identify the discrepancies between their actions and their values and goals. Try and avoid using the writing reflex and just butting in with your suggestions. Respect your client's autonomy because it can help build a positive and trusting relationship. And when clients don't follow through on action plans, reflect on why.
