---
Source Program: Momentum Club
File Name: Charlyn - The Power of Empathy.mp4
---

So, in this lesson, we're going to be exploring why empathy is so important, not only for your clients, but also for you as a business owner and a practitioner. Now, I couldn't talk about empathy without, again, bringing Carl Rogers into the play. And I just want to share these two really powerful quotes. Now, the first one, over the years, the research evidence keeps piling up and it points strongly to the conclusion that a high degree of empathy in a relationship is possibly the most potent and certainly one of the most potent factors in bringing about change and learning. And the second one, to sense the client's private world as if it were your own, but without ever losing the as-if quality, this is empathy and this seems essential to therapy. Now, what Carl is saying here is that we can sense the client's anger, the fear, or even confusion as if it were our own without having to ever actually go through anger, fear, or confusion. And it's that condition that we're endeavouring to try and describe. What we know about empathy is that empathy early in the relationship predicts success of the outcomes and the highest expression of empathy is acceptance and non-judgment. So, when we look at the definition of empathy, it's the feeling that you understand and share another person's experiences and emotions. And it's your empathy to really hear the other person deeply, accurately, and again, non-judgmentally. Empathy is essential in cultivating healthy human relationships and especially when we are working closely with someone. The key to developing empathy is being a good listener and it involves skillful, reflective listening that really clarifies and amplifies your own client's experiences and meaning without imposing your own material on them. We want to mix the skill of being a good listener with curiosity and imagination to really understand what your clients may be going through. So, empathy is also one of Carl Rogers' six conditions for positive change. You need to have genuine empathy for the client. If it's fake, the client is going to really notice that. And the client needs to be able to recognise and notice the empathy, the acceptance, and the caring and the sense of unconditional positive regard that you have for them. And there are two key constructs of empathy. So, the first one is placing yourself in the other person's shoes and the second is experiencing the emotional reactions to the other person's situation. When we look at the client-coach relationship, we can see that empathy is considered indispensable from that and it really allows you to build that strong therapeutic alliance by capturing the client's perspective and goals, understanding the unique personality style and preferences, and also communicating with them in an appropriate way. So, what I mean by appropriate communication, it just means using a language that the client understands, so not this nutritional jargon that we have inside us. So, a strong predictor of a therapeutic outcome is whether the client feels understood rather than if you feel like you acted in an empathetic way. So, it's important for the client to feel the empathy and to feel understood rather than us just think, oh yeah, I'm being empathetic. Because it really aids in building the alliance with you and the client and it's where you and the client agree on goals, where you collaborate on specific tasks to be achieved, and also develop a really strong bond with the client. Now, the more empathetic your responses are to the client, the more satisfied they're going to be. And clients report more autonomy when there were more empathetic opportunities throughout the consultations. When we look at the benefits of empathy, there's a greater level of trust between the client and the coach, there's greater levels of self-understanding for the client, and there's also higher levels of feeling happy and secure. Now, if a client feels happy and secure and safe and they trust other person, they're more likely to follow through or even agree on certain decisions that are being made during the consultations. And for the practitioner, high empathy practitioners are actually more effective than low empathy practitioners. So, it's better for your client and it's better for you. And that's where I'm coming to the next point. It's not just beneficial for the client. It's also a really important trait and skill to develop for you and for your level of overall job satisfaction and purpose and business. So, studies support a relationship between high empathy and lower burnout. And those who empathize with their clients are more likely to have higher job satisfaction and lower levels of burnout than those who don't empathize with their clients. So, there's so many pros to high empathy. Like I said, better outcomes for your clients, higher job satisfaction, and lower burnout. We can follow a four-step process of empathy. So, the first one is observe. So, we're going to notice and observe someone's emotional state. The second one is interpret. So, we're going to correctly interpret that emotional state. The third one is to feel the emotion. And the fourth one is to respond to the emotion. Sometimes it's good to explore what empathy isn't. And empathy isn't sympathy. And when we're having these consultations with our clients, we want to try and avoid a few things and we want to avoid the five Ds in particular. So, the first one is deflecting. So, if a client says something to us, we don't want to say, oh, that sucks. And then deflect it and say, oh, did you watch the latest episode of maths? We don't want to diminish them either. We don't want to say, oh, at least you did this. I heard someone couldn't even do that. We also don't want to diminish the clients and just say, you know, calm down, you're overthinking it. We want to avoid directional questioning. So, we don't want to say, it's been a month. Are you feeling better now? Because if we say that, they might think, oh, I should feel better because it's been a month. As always, we don't want to dish out unwanted advice where we might say, oh, here is what you should do or here is what I would do. So, we can start to notice when we aren't being empathetic or when we fail at showing empathy. So, it might be worth recording your consults and looking back over them and thinking, oh, that wasn't very empathetic or I could have been more empathetic in that situation. Self-reflection and insight are the core skills that you're going to use to try and develop your empathy skills. So, when you're looking back over your consultations, examine your own values, your goals, your biases and schemas and how they may influence the ways in which you take your client's perspective and whether you experience the emotional empathy or not. There's a few ways that you can practice conveying empathy by trying to, I guess, demonstrate empathy in a way that communicates general interest to try and understand your client. And again, it comes down to that being authentic. You may try matching facial expressions or physical movement, vocal tone, inflections and energy levels. Try not to interrupt your clients. Don't dismiss the client's beliefs. Again, don't be judgmental. That's a really common theme in this and don't talk too much in general. When we looked at avoiding the five D's, we're now going to focus on trying to practice the five C's. So, calling out their courage. So, just saying to them, thank you for trusting me. We can use clarifying. So, from what I hear, you're feeling X. We can also use character boosting. So, you've shown a lot of courage and strength to make these changes. Convey that you care. I'm here for you and just checking in. How are you feeling today? You may also practice some empathetic statements like, I'm sorry this has happened to you or I want to thank you for being so open and honest with me. This sort of challenge is never easy. It's clear that this has impacted you quite deeply. It sounds like you've had a really stressful time. Just sometimes, you're making complete sense. There are also a few ways that we can preserve empathy. So, the first one is avoiding burnout because burnout reduces your ability to respond empathetically. And we can see there's a link between high burnout and low empathy. So, you can also practice self-care. So, things like journaling, gratitude, maybe mindfulness meditation, which we'll get to in a second, regular exercise, as well as setting boundaries. That's a really great way to try and preserve empathy because if you're constantly getting pinged by your clients, then you're going to start to, I guess, get a bit frustrated with them and not have as much empathy when you do have those consultations with them. So, a certain type of mindfulness meditation known as loving kindness meditation has also been shown to increase empathy. So, you can just pretty much like YouTube, Google or Spotify, loving kindness meditation and there'll be lots of samples that you can listen to and go through. Ultimately, what we want to do is really show our clients respect and we can use the acronym of respect. So, the first one, recognize the inherent worth of all human beings. The E is eliminate bias and stereotypes. S, speak with people, not at them. P, practice empathy. E, empower people to change. C, create an environment of trust. And T, treat clients as the experts themselves. I couldn't finish this training without having some more Karl Rogers sprinkled in. Sometimes, people just need a good listening too. When someone really hears you without passing judgment on you, without trying to take responsibility for you, without trying to mold you, it feels damn good. When I've been listened to and what I've been heard, I am able to re-perceive my world in a new way and to go on. So, empathy in summary. Empathy is a key component of successful behavior change. Listen to your clients with genuine warmth, care and non-judgment. Empathy is also important for you. Reflect on when you aren't being empathetic and remember empathy is a skill, so practice it.
