---
Source Program: Momentum Club
File Name: Charlyn - Burnout.mp4
---

Welcome to the bonus training on burnout and boundaries. Now, setting boundaries is really important because working with humans is hard. Not only do we need to accommodate for our clients, design programs, track their progress, but we often end up offering emotional support as well. In fact, a large portion of burnout cases are often attributed to emotional exhaustion or the constant need to foster a positive, motivating environment for the clients despite our own personal feelings. You can imagine, you might've had a bad day, but you've really got to show up in front of your clients. Many of us also run our own businesses and navigate the pressures around marketing and sustaining ourselves. Add that to the need to stay on top of the scientific literature and it can all just get a little bit too much. Although this role that we have in changing people's lives and helping them achieve their goals, it's highly rewarding. It isn't surprising that we may feel burnt out from time to time. Now, especially when we throw the hustle culture into it, okay, we've got the people like David Goggins and Gary Vee. Now, I'm not saying that there's no pros to being gritty and working hard, there certainly is, but there's certainly a dark side and that's exhaustion and overwhelm. In this hustle culture we have, it's like more work is rewarded and rest is considered a weakness. Wake up at 4 a.m. and work when everyone else is sleeping, but it just does come with consequences. The consequences are burnout, okay? So burnout is a state of mental, emotional, and physical exhaustion that can occur when the demands in our lives consistently outweigh what we're able to do or produce, okay? There's a real mismatch between what we are able to do and then all the demands that our work and our clients, I guess, demand of us. Burnout is extremely common in professions where people help people, exactly what we do, and you have high expectations of yourself and are often overwhelmed by the emotional realities and pressures of the job. There is pressure on our job. Again, we are trying to help people achieve something, change their life, that does come with pressure. Burnout is a byproduct of repeated and prolonged stress. It's not just extreme stress or the result of working long hours, we're actually wearing many hats. We're juggling the business, we're serving clients, we're furthering our knowledge, staying up to date with research, all of which can become overwhelming and affect your mental health. We only have so many resources to allocate to things per day and we're obviously juggling quite a lot amongst all of that. So whilst it's not just a matter of the hours that we work or the stress, it's when these conditions are high risk. Like I've mentioned, we do work in a high risk situation. You're lacking a sense of control. There's a misalignment between your purpose and your passion. There are also long gaps between effort and reward. Some of the symptoms of burnout that we can try and become aware of are exhaustion, especially emotional, depression, cynicism, depersonalization, anxiety, depression, guilt, feelings of ineffectiveness, loss of job satisfaction, feeling detached from ordinary sensations like touch, thirst, hunger, and libido, and also resentment of clients. Burnout also leads to significant decline in cognitive function, which is something that we definitely want to avoid. It costs you momentum and motivation, the ability to show up and produce good work. The interference with your cognitive function is gonna impact your quality of work, right? So prevention is the best cure. We wanna make sure we're being proactive with our recovery. Some strategies to try and prevent burnout. So we can sleep, okay? We can get good quality sleep in a dark, cool room with no screens. We can practice exercise regularly. So light exercise and movement, not like flogging ourselves every single day. Meditation is also a great form of personal care along with maybe having a sauna or a float or getting a massage or some acupuncture. Total rests as well. So taking a few days away from work every now and then. Developing the skill of mental toughness. Getting social support. So getting a network of other health professionals that you can chat to and know that you're not alone and the things that we go through aren't unique, that other people experience ghosting clients and clients not checking in or failed payments and non-adherence, all these kinds of things, to know that we're not alone. But yeah, also that exercise is another great one that we can do for our physical and mental health. Now we likely know most of these things and the difference is putting it into practice. We feel like we should always be working rather than taking time out to go and get a massage or to go to the gym. And it is easy to neglect ourselves in the process. The problem is it can actually turn us into worse practitioners and coaches. It increases the work-related burnout because we're not taking time for ourselves and working on preventing burnout. And it's affecting our, I guess, self-perception and empathy towards our clients. It's really important to remember that taking care of yourself isn't self-indulgent. Okay, you owe it to your clients but you also owe it to yourself. Whilst it might seem that inserting mandatory timeouts into your schedule can feel like a waste of time, that's nothing compared to the time that you'll waste once burnout sets in. The role we have working with people, it comes with a cost and a toll on what's called emotional labor. And emotional labor involves actively managing the feelings of others as well as controlling your own emotional responses. So even if you're in a bad mood, you still have to show up with your game face to a client consult. And emotional labor can be exhausting and it often goes unacknowledged. And if you don't account for this, this emotional labor and recover from it, you're also at risk of burnout. Okay, so another great idea is to actually make sure that you're allocating recovery time between your consultations and your check-ins to, like I said, recover, reset, and recharge because you do have that cost of emotional labor from working with people. And this is where boundaries come in. They're really, really important and a lack of boundaries are a key factor in burnout. By setting boundaries with your clients and with your schedule, you can actually help preserve your time and your resources. And it is hard to set boundaries because we have a desire to help people and do an amazing job, which can impact your well-being. But boundaries are protective. They help protect your well-being and they protect the connection and relationship that you have with your clients and your work whilst also preserving empathy. They give you the ability to actually show with full attention when you are present with your clients. And when we are, I guess, sometimes when we're new, especially new to the industry, we say yes to everything. I know I did. We overcommit and this can lead to burnout as well, as well as these feelings of inadequacy or anxiety. Sometimes it leads us to thinking that we need more grit and more dedication and more commitment, but that's not the case. We need to set these boundaries and actually reset and recharge. Think about athletes, right? So athletes do hard training sessions. They also take plenty of recovery. So treat yourself almost like a practitioner athlete. Not having boundaries can affect your health, which also affects your work. The boundaries that you set, they could be between home and work, if you work from home, and it could also be around your identity. So when are you just you and not a nutritionist and dietician? So maybe you need to say to people when you're out for dinner, hey, I'm just Josh today. I'm not a nutritionist. Setting clear and strong boundaries can help you alleviate burnout by helping you switch practitioner mode on and off, ensure that you have a balance between work and rest, and also protect your time with your friends, family, and loved ones, so that you're not getting pinged by clients on a Saturday night when you're out for drinks with your friends. And what we can do is just be really upfront and honest with our clients, because they're likely to actually respect and appreciate when you, I guess, tell them that you have boundaries. Examples of setting boundaries could be not giving out your personal number, not replying to emails or DMs on the weekends, asking clients not to message you on social media and just keep it through emails or your preferred platform, only reply during work hours and just let the clients know what those work hours are, letting clients know the expected response time for emails and check-ins, and also referring to other health professionals when it's outside of your scope. And I typically mean these when clients are struggling with mental health, so you're not carrying the emotional load, you're referring out to someone who is more qualified in that circumstance. It's important to be firm with the boundaries. Once we give a person permission to overstep the boundaries, it reinforces that they can get away with it again, even if they don't mean any harm by it. Again, saying yes to too much can affect our health, which affects our work. We think by saying no or setting boundaries that we can't do things that we are burning out or we are struggling, or it'll affect our career or our business, but people do appreciate, sympathize and empathize, okay? It also shows them that we are all human, especially practitioners, and that they can do the same thing, they can set their own boundaries, so we're actually setting an example for them. When it comes to things like DMs as well, like we wanna help people, so we answer DMs, but it can actually lead to passing this threshold where we give away too much and then we don't value our own time. But there is always that super needy client, okay? That client that is constantly messaging you and becoming over-reliant on you. There's a few ways that we can tackle this one. So we can ask them to send one longer message rather than multiple shorter ones. We can encourage them to practice autonomy outside of your consults and check-ins. And it just allows them to, I guess, maybe make mistakes and reflect on those mistakes or sip-ups during your allocated time, but also reflect on their wins when they do things well without you. So when the client has responsibility and autonomy, it goes a long way towards them learning skills and building lifelong habits. And just reinforce that, tell them why that you want them to practice these things on their own. You can also try and boost their confidence and self-efficacy by just saying, like, you've got this, we've spoken about it, you've got a really good plan, or you've really developed the skills and knowledge over this time that we've worked together so far, so let's put it to the test. However, you may need to have a difficult conversation with them and let them know you'll only be responding to them during certain hours as you have other clients, but also you have a life. And this is a really tricky one because a lot of us have an online job, people think, oh, that means they're always online, but we just need to be firm with them and have this conversation and say, like, just because I work online doesn't mean I'm always online and I'm not always available. So just in summary with burnout and boundaries, you need to be emotionally and mentally well in order to do your job, so you need to set boundaries that allow that. You need to recover, be proactive to prevent burnout, and implement self-care practices and time away from work. It might seem selfish, but it will ultimately help your clients and your business.
