---
Source Program: Momentum Club
File Name: Charlyn - Action Plans.mp4
---

So in this lesson, we're going to work on how to create action plans with your clients. So in your first console, what you can do is make a list of behaviors and habits that you're going to start to work on with your clients. And this is known as agenda mapping. So it's essentially the steps your client's going to take on their journey towards achieving their goals. And it gives you both a very clear path of what you're working towards and it can help you plan your time together. Once you've got your agenda map mapped out, you can give the client autonomy to choose their first step. So out of these behaviors, which one would you like to work on first? And if they ask for suggestions, you can offer either the low-hanging fruit or the big kahuna. So the low-hanging fruit could be the easiest one that's going to help them build their confidence. It could be adding one extra serve of fruit per day or it could be having protein at breakfast. The big kahuna is the one that if you remove that barrier or that obstacle, it's the one that's going to give them the biggest return on investment towards their goals and towards making progress. It could be going from a bottle of wine per night to one glass per night. We can also use the reverse pyramid. So this means that you start small and you build up over time rather than starting with too many things all at once and then fizzling out. You might start with one or two habits and then stack them up session by session. So just think that one habit a week for eight weeks is far more effective long-term than trying to change five things in one week, leading to client overwhelm and also burnout. That's likely to lead to them, like I said, burning out, but they're going to go back to the start, if not further behind, because their confidence may be shot because they may feel like a failure because they couldn't keep the pace up. And just reinforce this with the clients because you may get some that are really, really eager and they may say, put me in coach. I want to do everything. I want to change everything, but just shrink the change, make sure it's manageable and just teach them about the reverse pyramid approach. As with the key theme of client-centered coaching, we want to respect client autonomy and we want to ask the clients for their ideas first. So when the client has picked what they want to work on, ask them if they have any ideas. So do you have any ideas on how you can add more veggies into your diet? Because when we honor their autonomy, you tell them that they're in charge and that you respect them and they're going to then feel more supported and confident. However, if they are stumped, you can offer suggestions by using the elicit-provide-elicit strategy that's in the prescribing versus coaching lesson. You can also use concrete plans. So the clearer and the more concrete the plan is, the more likely your client's going to be following through. So try and include as many aspects as possible. So what are they doing? Why are they doing it? When are they doing it? Where are they doing it? How are they doing it? And how often are they doing it? And let's use the example of mindful eating. So what are they doing? They're going to be eating slowly without distractions. Why? To improve satiety, to minimize stress and improve IBS symptoms. When? At lunchtime. Where? Away from the office desk at the outdoor table. How? They're leaving their phone and laptop at the desk, they're going to chew their food more, they'll pull the cutlery down between bites and notice five things about the meal. How often? Four days this week. Now you can see that instead of saying every meal every day, we've just said lunchtime four days a week. This has made the goal far more manageable than if that client had to say, I'm going to try and eat mindfully every single meal. That may not be achievable or feasible and that client may feel like a failure if they haven't done that. If we have this approach, then once they've nailed lunch four times a week, they might be able to go to breakfast four times a week and then dinner later on. So again, that reverse pyramid approach. So the confidence ruler is a great tool that we can use once we have laid out that concrete plan with our client. And you just ask them, how confident are you out of 10? We want to make sure that they're at least an 8 or a 9, if not a 10. Whatever number they give you, ask them why they aren't less confident. So instead of them saying a 7 and you saying, why aren't you a 9? If you do that, they're going to give you reasons why they can't be a 9. But if you say, why aren't you a 3? They're going to give you reasons why they can do it. So they're going to give you some positive reasons of why they can achieve this goal. So that's why we use that kind of reverse thing of asking them why they aren't less confident. So if we can try and build them up to a 9, the way we can do this is by shrinking the change. So reducing the frequency, breaking the skill down if we need to. Instead of having protein at every meal, it could be having protein at breakfast. Instead of having five serves of veggies, it could be having three serves. Again, less frequent, so instead of every day, four days, or at every meal, one meal. And then just providing more clarity, so do we need to go back to the concrete plan and go through the what, why, when, how, how often, and where. Mental contrasting is also a really great tool. It's where the client imagines the positive future. So they've achieved their goal or they've been successful with the action plan. But they're also going to start to think about obstacles that may pop up. And they'll then start to plan for these obstacles. So this works in two great ways. So the first one is that when they've planned for the obstacle, they're not as surprised when it actually happens because life is always going to get in the way. But the other thing is they have a strategy to already overcome that barrier when it pops up. So if they don't have fruit at breakfast, then they can have it as a snack. If they don't go to the gym in the morning because they've slept in, then they'll go for a walk in the afternoon. If they forget their lunch, then they can buy some smoked salmon and a salad kit from Woolies. So they've got a plan in mind for when life pops up. They've got a plan B already in place. When we're setting goals with our clients, we want to try and set approach-based goals rather than avoidance goals. Because approach-based goals are more successful, they're the things that we want our clients to move towards our desired outcomes. Whereas avoidance goals, they're encouraging them to move away from undesired ones. Approach goals are things like eat protein at each meal or eat more plants or drink more water. But the avoidance goals are eat fewer indulgences and drink less alcohol. But imagine if someone says to you, don't think of a white polar bear. You're going to start to think of a white polar bear. So if you say, don't eat chocolate, you're going to start to crave chocolate more. So let's focus on the things that we can try and add into our client's lifestyle most of the time. There are going to be times where we're going to need to cut things back and that's okay. But most of the time, trying to aim for these approach-based goals because again, they are more successful. Now, putting these action plans into action, we want to try and map out the client's journey and let them choose the steps they're going to take. We can give them autonomy and ask for their ideas. Create clear and concrete plans with your clients that they are very confident in following through with. Focus on approach-based goals rather than avoidance goals where possible. And also ask them to summarize their action plans back to you to make sure they understand what they're doing.
