---
Source Program: Momentum Club
File Name: Momentum Program Portal Tour - OCT 22.mp4
---

Hey there, welcome to this orientation video. I'm going to take you through a very quick tour of the program portal and chat about how to navigate your way around here. So first thing first, when you come into the program portal, you're going to be met with a welcome video. It's only a very short six and a half minute introduction video. And on there, I talk about what to expect from the program and some of the key characteristics of clients who do well in the program. So I do ask that you take some time to watch this, familiarize yourself with our methodology and understand how to get the most out of this program. Next up on the right hand panel, these are places that you can go for support. Now, these images here are all clickable. So when you hover your mouse over it, all you have to do is right click and then open the link in the new tab. So this one here is the Dietitian Mastermind Facebook community. So this is all my current clients who are working with us in our programs. You can come in here, ask questions, get your peers opinions or feedback on things that you're working on. And it's a collaborative community. So feel free to pop in there and ask questions. And then the next one here you'll see is the office hour section. So each week we run office hour on Wednesday at 6 a.m. Australian Western Standard Time in Perth. Now, I've also listed all the other times here in the other time zones. All you have to do, again, is right click and then book a call. Office hour is meant to be a quick fire Q&A session. So you can come in here, ask Katrina or support coach questions. So if you're stuck with anything like tech support or you want some quick answer on something or you want some help to get unstuck from something you're working on, some help brainstorming ideas and stuff, feel free to book a call. Now, do note that the closing time for these booking is 12 hours. So you want to make sure you plan ahead and book a call before at least 12 hours before the call itself. And each week we've got limited spots, so make sure you sign up for it. And like I said, these are quick fire Q&A calls. So you want to make sure you come prepared with your questions and ask away. Now, because these are very short calls, if you have bigger questions or if you need help reviewing an asset or something, the best place to put it will be on Trello. And I'm going to show you how you can submit resources in a minute. And then lastly on here, that's our affiliate program. So we do have an affiliate program or reward our clients for referring our program to their friends or any peers. So if you know any colleagues or people that would benefit from coaching, we highly encourage you to recommend us. And of course, you know, if you love working with us, share your experience with them as well. We do offer a bonus reward of up to $300 for a referral. So it's a quick and easy way for you to get rewarded for telling your friends about our program. All you have to do is click on this and it's going to open up a type form. It's only a few short questions for you to fill in your details and your bank details. It's free to apply. So I'm looking forward to you sharing your program experience with your friends and peers. Now, the next thing is let's head into the foundations. Now, the next part, let's head into the foundation section. So this is a key section to work on when you first join the program. Very quickly, just click on that one. So that one is a quick introduction and there is a overview of the program roadmap. Again, right click and open link in the new tab. And it's going to bring up our program roadmap. So that just sets the expectation of how to progress on the program. And as you go through, just hit the complete button and then it's going to take you to the next lesson and so on and so forth. Now, the key thing is in the second part here, let's get to know you. We do ask that you complete the new client intake form and do that within 72 hours of joining the program. So we can get to know you and I know how to best support you throughout your program experience. Now, all you have to do, again, is right click and then it will open up a new tab here. And that's the program questionnaire. It's only a few short questions. And then next part, again, once you've done that, mark that as complete and then you'll see a tick come up. And here are a list of all our coaching sessions and how to book calls and all of that. So that's a nice summary. We've got the coaching expectation guide. Again, I would ask for you to go ahead and read that because it talks about what we expect you as a mentee and what you can expect from us as a coach. All right. And then that's our coaching session sheet. So it's just a few little short questions for you to fill in the blanks. When you come to coaching calls, you can pop in your questions, prepare yourself, take some notes and then list your action steps after that. And then the next part here, that's our navigating the program portal video. And last but not least on here, we've got the Trello tutorial. Now, this is a really important video to watch because I talk about where to go to ask for support. So if you have things like sales pages or emails that you want us to review for your launch or your program outline, please watch this video because I talk about how to attach those resources, how to share Google documents, etc. So please watch that. And there is also a short tutorial on how to post Instagram questions and where to go to get feedback on your content posts. And on here, we've added a quick section here. You can come back here anytime. This is basically where you share your wins with us. Like I said in the introduction video, we love to celebrate you and also send you a little gift every time you hit a milestone. So on here, please come in and pop in your milestone and wins and share that with us. Again, it's a very short form, only a few questions so you can quickly answer that. And then you would go into draw to win a bonus Instagram audit report conducted by our team that's valued at 147. And we do offer that once a month. So you'll go in the draw for that. All right. So that's it basically for the key section. And I want to quickly chat about some of the examples or places that you can go to access templates and things like that. So on this lesson here, talking about lead magnet, we do give you some templates to get you started. These are Canva templates and you will need a Canva account to access it. It's OK if you're on a free tier. That's absolutely fine. But I do recommend you go up to the pro tier as well for Canva. So you'll see on here, these are examples of different types of pages on a lead magnet. You don't have to use all of them. Just use what suits you, especially some parts where there's lines and tables. It does make it a lot easier for you to put together sections, fillable sections for your audience when they download your lead magnet. So all you have to do is hit the use template button and then that's going to open up as a new file on your Canva account. You can save it. It will be yours to keep. And in coming back here, there's a lot of other resources. So I like to suggest tools or apps that I use to make things easier for you. For example, here for meal planning and recipe e-books and things, I use that Clean Life myself. So all you have to do is click that link and then it's going to take you to that Clean Life. Same thing with Interact or Canva. Creative Market is really good for graphic design or images or branding guides if you need help with that. And so on and so forth. So all of them are on there. Now, just for disclosure, some of the links have got affiliate links. So that means that when you sign up for those tools, I may get a small amount from the monetary amount. So I just want to fully disclose that. Of course, we appreciate you for doing that and for using our affiliate link. And then I'm going to go back to the main page. And I also want to quickly talk about Kajabi. So right now you're on my Kajabi portal. In module three, we talk about the different places or platforms that you can use to host your online course. Kajabi is one of them. And I do have an affiliate link here as well that you can use to sign up for Kajabi if you do end up choosing that platform. And I just want to quickly mention when you sign up for Kajabi using our affiliate link, you do unlock a free 30 minute strategy call with our client success coach Katrina. So that means that you'll be able to use that call to do anything or ask anything that you like. So it could be helping with tech, could be talking about your program outline or your launch plans and things like that. So all you have to do is once you sign up for that, just send us an email there and let us know that you signed up using our link. And then once we've verified that, we'll send you a link to book that free call. So that's it for this momentum club portal. And I want to quickly mention that you can also go into my library section. So depending on what program you sign up for, if you're in the momentum, you do get complimentary access to our accelerator program portal. So you just have to click on my library and then open up this section here. If you're someone who's fairly new to Instagram or you're not quite familiar with Instagram or niching, please do take some time to go through this course, because on here I talk about some of the key foundational steps. And then we also talk about Instagram. There's a whole ton of tutorials on there as well. Pricing strategy, how to master sales calls and things. So there are some really useful tools here. You may not need to access everything. Just go and pick what suits you. And of course, I'm more than happy to provide guidance to you to help you understand what to focus on. And it goes week by week, but you don't have to follow that structure. That's just the way it's structured on the accelerator program. You can progress quickly, as quickly as you like. And then there is implementation week here. Of course, you don't have to just pause for a week and just get right past to the next one. All right. So that's it for this program portal tour. If you have any questions, as always, please ask. My doors are open. You can also email info at Shalinoy.com. That's a support email and ask away. And we would love to hear from you if you are celebrating any wins. And of course, any questions, we're always here to support you as well. All right. Take care. We'll see you in the next video.
