---
Source Program: Momentum Club
File Name: CapCut Tutorial - 12 June 2024.mp4
---

Hey guys, it's Sharlyn here. In this tutorial, I'm going to take you through how to use the app CapCut to create memes and GIFs for your social media posts. Now, why use memes and GIFs, you might ask. I tend to recommend creating it because A, it's entertaining and B, it's super easy and quick to create. They tend to spread wider reach and so it's a great way to kind of create content to entertain your audience, but also touch on key pain points as well. So what you're going to do is you're going into the app store to download the CapCut app, and then it's a free app to download. You would come in here, then go to the templates section, and then you can either scroll through the templates that are trending right now, or you could go search, and I tend to like to search by the character. So then let's go Barbie girl as the template, and then you're going to see a whole range of templates pop up. So let's say I'm going to use this one where Barbie is crying and emotional. These ones with the green screen, they will require you to include a photo in the background, and it's helpful, you know, let's say if you're talking about someone going to the doctors for a visit for advice, and they were given generic advice, a piece of paper, and say go figure it out your own. It's very appropriate for this meme here, so that's when I would use it. So yeah, what you need to do is with the green screen, you need to upload a photo. So you're going to just make sure you have that ready, so you can either search photos through Canva itself, or go into apps like Unsplashed, U-N-S-P-L-A-S-H-E-D, to find these royalty-free photos that you can use, or you can use something from your photo album. So I'm going to tap use template, right, and then I am going to find a background that I want to use. Let's say if I use this one, so you can see it's already on there. So if I'm going to turn up the volume here, you can hear her audio as well. Yeah, so with these ones, it comes to audio, so when you tap export, it's then going to save to your device, and export the audio as well, which is great. So that's done, and in the next step, I'm going to then show you how to upload it to your Canva. So we're going to go into Canva, select the standard portrait size for your Instagram post, and I recommend you then go upload directly from your phone, go to your camera album, and then upload this one directly. So then it's going to upload it. You have two ways of doing it. You can either trim it, so it goes into middle. You want to make sure that only the text and the key video itself, it's in that square view. All right, and you can see this one here, it says upload, so I haven't done it properly, so I need to add it to uploads. So again, I think I need to do it that way, so upload it. It's taking a while. Yep. All right, so it's uploaded. Let's then use that. Okay, now there's two ways to do it. Like I said, you can trim it or you can just stretch it out to the whole file. So it just depends on the style that you're after. Once you're done, then you're going to add text to it because we need to give people some context into what this is all about. So I'm going to add text. You can do it all within your phone. I like to do this inside the desktop app itself. It just makes it bigger. Even all these little things are increasing the font size, right? It's just easier if you do it on the desktop. I'm just showing you this demo straight from the mobile. So you're just going to make sure that everything is going to be visible in that square, like 1080 by 1080 dimension, so people can see it when they're looking at it from your feed. And like I said, I like to test it inside the desktop. Just make sure it fits within that dimension as well. But that's pretty much it, how you would create a meme or a giphy. And then you would download this. It would download it as an image. You can see, like just make sure the text is not blocking the person's face or whatsoever. And it will have the audio like that, right? And then download it to your phone or you can then upload it to Meta Business Suite or later to schedule the post. So that's it for this tutorial. Hope you find it simple and easy to get it done, to get your content out there. It's a stress-free way as well. So have fun playing with memes and giphys.
