---
Source Program: Momentum Club
File Name: ManyChat Tutorial.mp4
---

All right, so I'm going to take you through on this tutorial how to use ManyChat. Now, for those of you who are not familiar with ManyChat, it is essentially an auto-responder designed to help you respond to comments or, you know, DMs from people on Instagram to get them what they want instantly. So how I recommend using it is to automate responses for things like your lead magnet. So if people comment a certain keyword, then you can set up an automation to send it to them right there and then. Same for things like webinar registrations or challenge registration, you can automate this whole process. And it's been working really well over the last few years in social media. I find that people respond better when they get something quicker. So the conversion increases, meaning that you'll be able to capture people when they're hot. You can also use it as a way when you're launching, when people type in a specific keyword, you can then send them the link to your sales page and then you can continue the conversation there. But anyhow, ManyChat can be used to be integrated with Instagram, Facebook Messenger and WhatsApp. But personally, I've mainly used it on Instagram. So what I'm going to do on this tutorial is take you through how to set it up on Instagram itself. So what you would need to do is go into automations and then you want to set up a new automation. So I like to start from scratch just to show you the whole process of setting it up. So first of all, you've got the trigger here. So basically, it's what you want to happen when someone comment a specific keyword. And if you look at this, it's kind of like a two-step workflow. So we're going to start with step one and it would be, so I'm going to show you how to set it up on three different types. So you've got when someone comments on your post or reel, when someone comments on your stories and when they send you a direct message. So you're going to set it up individually. So let's set up step one. So then it's asking you which post or reel do you want to use in the automation? So you can choose the specific reel or honestly, I just do it for all so it's easier. And then you're going to set up the keyword. So for this example here, I'm going to use a summer challenge, summer lead magnet guide basically for the example of a weight loss dietician. You want to help people get back into shape after winter. So we're going to use the keyword summer. Now, one very important point to note here when it comes to your keyword, first of all, you want to make sure that it is short. Don't use super long words like, you know, I use summer body challenge is way too long, right? Just use the word summer. Secondly, you want it to be easy to remember and short as well. So again, like keep the spelling of the word very straightforward so people don't misunderstand. So I would type the word in summer or you can do different variations as well. So I use capital letters just in case someone type it in differently. So once you're done, you click continue and then you can automate a response. So if someone comments summer on the post, then you can automate a response right away to get back to them so they know that you've responded. So I'm just going to type a few. So these are all examples. You can obviously customize it. So once you've done it, you can also add emojis as well just to keep it, you know, light hearted. You can type in as many as you like. Once you're done with that, I'm going to type in three. Once you're done, click save. Whoops. Okay, so that is done. So that's number one. So once you type in that keyword, you're going to set up a trigger. That is basically the message that they are going to get. So I always set this in as comment reply right away. So it's going to send a DM or hey, thanks for your time. So again, keep this very short. You can also use an emoji, finger pointing down. Okay, so then that sends them a DM. You also want to add a call to action button. So add the website or even website. So that could be a link. I'm just going to use this. And the example said that say to your landing page opt in page for your lead magnet. Sorry, typed it in the wrong place. So your button title will be download. Yeah. Okay, so when you finish this part, you can add an additional action. So basically, you can add a tag. If someone were to download this, you would add a tag inside many chats. The next time you can see how many things have they opted in. It's a little bit like email marketing, where you add a tag. Okay, so in terms of the tag here, you can add tag, you can call it summer challenge. I'm just doing this as a tag. Okay, so once they've opted in, then you would add a tag and that's it. All right, so that's part one of the trigger word. I would do exactly the same for the stories as well. So you have to go through and add this in. So I normally like to wait for about 30 seconds and then you respond and like the story. So just note that some of these features are available on the pro subscription only. If you're on the free tier, you won't be able to get that. But that's fine. I mean, you know, it's still a good start. So save that. And then I would add the next one for when someone sends you a DM with the keyword. So same thing, summer. You have to type in all the keywords specifically. Okay, so that's all done there. Now you can see that this is still grayed out, you can zoom in by zoom out and zoom in by doing that. All right, and you still need to set it live. So that's what you got to click on the button, then everything will turn green. So this is it, right? This is your setup for many chat. It is that simple. So when someone in the future comments on your posting summer, they're going to get the link in the DM directly a personal message, and they will get tagged on your many chat list. So this means that the person will be able to receive what they want right away, increasing the conversion to joining your email list or signing up for whatever event that you've got. So you can go through and set up as many automations as you want. This is obviously for the summer guide, you can go through and set up other ones for whatever free things that you've got to offer. So this is it. You can, like I said, I forgot to mention, also use it for your program during a launch. So you might go, say, for example, Momentum, if you comment the word Momentum, then I will be sending you a DM with the link to check out the Momentum sales page. So it can be really helpful during launch period when there is so much traffic, so much content going on, you can get people out to your call to action ASAP. And I love this. I think it's such a great tool, especially when you're growing your audience and you have a lot on your plate. So have fun using it. And let me know if you have any questions.
