---
Source Program: Momentum Club
File Name: ConvertKit - Building Visual Automations - Level 2 training.mp4
---

All right, we are going to walk you through how to create from scratch a visual automation inside ConvertKit. Now, this is a functionality that's only in the paid tiers of ConvertKit, but as you grow your business, it's going to be really, really useful just to do a bit more advanced and a bit more streamlined things that are going to happen automatically and just create a better customer experience. So the menu currently is set up here. So where we're going to go is to automate. Visual automations is where you're going to find the builder. And I like this visual builder because I'm a visual thinker, and I think it helps kind of intuitively have that drag and drop capability of what you want to have happen. So we're going to start with a new automation. And you're going to have the option to use templates or to create your own. And you can see a lot of different examples of templates that they have here for you to play with, and we can essentially, we can pick an example. There's so many, oh my goodness. Let's see what we would choose to. Let's take a look at promote a digital product. So it's going to have a form and then a sales email and then a delay and then a downsell. So you can see how this is going to work for a lot of things. So you could use an example like this if you want to start with a template. This could be opted in for your freebie. This could be send the freebie sequence that also pitches your call, and then we could wait two days and then we could send an alternate redirect to something else. And then if they get tagged, if they bought your course or booked a call, they'd be pulled forward and they would get something else for people who opted into that stage, right? So you could do that all in one place in this kind of a sequence. I think what's going to be most valuable is to build something from scratch today so that I can show you how you can pick and choose the elements and really tailor it to what you want in your business and make it really easy to find all the tools inside the builder. Okay. So that's what we're going to do. We're going to build it from scratch. Now, when you're thinking about this, you basically want to either have on paper or either have on paper or have in your mind what the sequence of events that you want to have happen to. And it's always going to start with a trigger, which for most of us is going to be joins a form or makes a purchase, right? So if you're having an opt-in or a lead magnet, joins the form is going to be the answer to that. So here, let me make this the demo just for lack of confusion. So what we're going to do is if you have a landing page already created, like you've already created a lead magnet, you could do this here. Otherwise you can go create one and then come back. So let's pick, I see you've got to create a new form or landing page. You could do that as well. So what I'll do is I'll pick the demo for starters and then I'll show you how to do a new one. If you want, we've got a demo landing page. Okay. So basically once they opt in, then what do you want to have happen? Now, I always recommend that you're managing your list and sort of tagging and segmenting. So before I send an email, I generally will apply a tag. Okay. And this could be bought my thing, for example, right? They got my thing. They downloaded my, they downloaded my whatever. You could do that. I have another training in here where if I want people to, while they're getting this nurture sequence or while they're getting the email follow-ups for a webinar or for a product or for a lead magnet, I don't want them getting any other emails for me, including promotional things or anything else or broadcast. I also recommend adding a second tag. That's something like don't send, do not market, right? In, in nurture sequence, do not market something like that. Right? So now you know who the people are that bought the thing. And you're also know that they're not going to be sent anything else while they're getting the next piece. So typically what you want to have happen then, so we've got a landing page, we've added our tags to manage our people. Now we want to send them an email sequence, right? Again, you can create a new sequence right here, or you can pick one that you've already created. I think this is an email sequence. It has nothing in it. So we'll actually create stuff here too. The cool thing is while we are in this builder, any of these things, you can actually edit directly just by clicking into them. So you can edit your landing pages right here inside the automation. So I've just got a template in here, download my lovely cookbook. What you'll notice is I always recommend, and I think I cover this in the entry-level training on landing pages, that we add a form field that's first name, right? And that we move this up top because it's just more logical because people like things that are personalized. I like things that are personalized. Again, we can add the buttons. Give me my cookbook, right? You can change the colors, like all of that. The same editing functionalities you'll have here within the automation as you would in the grow landing pages, like landing page direct editor, okay? Now to get back into automation, you just click back over here. Oh, just kidding. Fun facts with ConvertKit, we always want to hit save. Thankfully, it gave me a warning. It didn't used to have a warning. So save everything. It does not auto-save. So that is something you will want to be very conscious of. Also, on the note of some key functions, you'll notice that the live is grayed out. It is not live. When you're done, you would toggle this to live and it will turn green. And if you don't have anything ready, it will give you a warning notes that it doesn't look like it's ready, okay? So that's how you can edit directly the landing page. I'll show you how to edit the sequences and the emails in here as well. So again, if you don't have one built, you can create from scratch. The cool thing is we can add emails. If you want maybe four emails, you'll see the outline of the whole sequence here on the right in the sequence editor and the email itself. Whichever one is gray is the one you're editing will be here on the left in the editor, okay? So some things you can do. Obviously, we want to make sure we have a amazing subject line. And most of you are already working with a subject line. Amazing subject line. And most of you are already working off of Google documents or documents where you've created your content. Now we just need to copy and paste. It's going to make your job a lot easier. But let me show you three core functions here in the builder that will also really, really help. So the first one is what's called personalization. So this is where if you want to add that first name, you hit the personalization and we just add the email. Hello, first name, right? It will just magically auto-populate the merge field. So then you can have amazing copy, compelling offers, great value, all the things you would copy and paste from your email content, right? We can format all these things right in here. You've got your typical formatters. You've got the option to do paragraphs or bullets or numbered list or a block quote right up here in the menu. You can even change font size if something's really important. You can do something like this and really emphasize things. You can have a big fan of that. And you can also play a little bit with color. I don't recommend a lot of color editing, but you do have the option if there's something that is like super important to your brand and we want to really match what we're doing here, right? That's interesting. That's not going. Fascinating. Cool. Let's try that. See, it changed the color. Okay. You can also undo if things don't work, but let's show you the two other things that are really important. So if you ever want to include a button, that's also where we're going to use this little plus sign on the menu here. And this is where you can add a button. So if you ever want to add a button, that's also where we're going to use this little plus sign on the menu here. And this is where you can create a buy now or get my cookbook, like a download link. And you'll notice when you're in the button on the right-hand menu, it's going to automatically show up to button. So we can choose URL, can all sorts of things. Usually it's set to a link. So if you ever want to go to a link, that's where the buttons are going to be really important. For files, we're going to have a different way to do things. So if you want to include a downloadable file, PDF, or something you've created, or a guide, or a worksheet, you'd actually use the file function here. And that's something a little bit different, and it's going to open up a pop-up window to choose your file. Let's see. So for example, we could have a, you know, a commitment form to the program or something like that, right? Commitment form to themselves, all sorts of things could be popped in the file section. Okay. So these are some of the functions. The other thing you can do in the emails, I'm going to get rid of the button for now, is if you have a signature set up, that's usually set up in Snippets, right? But you can see, you can set up all sorts of content in here. You can insert an image. You can insert a snippet, which will be your signature. You can insert a video. You can insert a gallery of images. You can do social icons. You can make things links. You can do all sorts of stuff in here. You can even have a countdown timer, which is really useful for webinars, or for sales, or that sort of thing. And you just set the end date in the targets here, right? And it will change it for you. So that's a really amazing functionality. And almost everything here is in this great little plus pop-up menu. Okay. So that's where you get some really useful extra tools. The other fun piece you can do, let's go back into email. I'm going to go to settings. Under the email settings, you'll see it open a second window for me. You can actually change the templates. And if you have a template set up, you could apply a branded template to everything. And it's going to change the look and feel of all the emails in that sequence then. Okay. Other important things. Usually, you're going to want to have people exit their automations. And sometimes, if it's a download, for example, I do enable them to restart it in case they lose it and they opt in again. Sometimes you're going to want to restart. Sometimes you're going to want to restart. Okay. So that's more for people's human errors. Normally, you don't need that. But if you think you might have people who are on your list for a while or they lost a thing and they opt in again, or if it's a webinar, for example, and they re-enroll instead of just reschedule and watch the replay, then you would want the yes toggled here. Okay. So those are just some great settings on the backend. And again, once we have this sorted, let's go back to our emails. You can toggle here. We can do the same for these. Again, you can change the delay. And when everything's done, again, you toggle published here. That's for the individual emails. It won't let you if there's no content. Fun surprise. Now it will, in theory. Oh, actually, you have to do it in order. Just kidding. So there are some user-friendly controls here that are going to prevent you from making an error. Anyway, so I'm just tooling around here. That's going to give you a little bit of what you need. We can always go back into your examples. And the final thing that I would say, and this is something I cover in another, if you ever want to then remove a tag or do something else, you can do the same thing here. So once they get through all the emails, maybe I'll remove this tag and now they're going to be back on my newsletter list, right? So something like that is what you're going to want to look for. If you are selling something, you want them to take an action. And there's a link in here that we want to have. Maybe it's a booking link. Let's try that. Button link. That's where we're at. So for example, if we have a booking link in here, what you can do is you can add a tag. Book to call. Create a new. And that way, anybody who clicks this link will then get tagged with another tag here. And once we do that, yeah, yeah, yeah. Once we do that, if we go back to our automation, you can do a sort of conditional so that if a tag is added, right, we just said the book to call. If the tag is added, then either they get removed, right, from this automation. So basically, if they book a call, you can add a tag. Or if not, maybe send them a secondary email sequence or something else, right? Or we send them to a webinar, right? So whatever email sequence you want, then we'll do something different. So that's how you can start to play the game a little bit with actions and actions and actions and actions and actions and actions and actions and actions and we'll do something different. So that's how you can start to play the game a little bit with actions and really curating the experience people have inside your content and your automations and those sort of things. So again, quick review. You can create any kind of visual automation. And even if you have multiple, multiple ways of entry, you can have something new. There's a simple form, right? So maybe they subscribe or there's an embed in your website, but there's also a standalone page, right? So we could have multiple ways they get in here, or maybe there was a tag added. Maybe you have something you want to send to a customer or somebody sent you a request through socials, but they didn't fill out your form, but they really want your thing. We could do a tag added, right? Requested my thing. Okay. And that way you just go and you apply the tag and it'll start sending them. So there's lots of different triggers that you can play with, but what you want to think about is what happens then. So how are we organizing people? How are we categorizing people so that if you ever want to send a broadcast to just people who did this download, register for the webinar, purchase your thing, have the specific guide or cookbook or something from you, that's great. If you want to avoid sending people duplications, then we would add like a not market tag and help you control a segment that way. And then inside the sequences, you can edit directly in here. You can create new, or you can link one that's already existing. You can add and subtract emails. You can set different delays. This could go right away. Immediately. See, we can add different emails here. We can have all sorts of custom we can have all sorts of content. Most of your sequences have three to five pieces of content, right? And you can change, change. Maybe this is two days later. We can have all sorts of things happening here, but you'll notice everything's in draft mode until you publish and the campaign is in draft mode until you go live and everything's done. Okay. So lots of editing capability. You can add buttons, add images, add hyperlinks. You can insert files. You can do all the things here inside the visual builder with this little plus menu. Okay. You could also do all the formatting here with this main visual menu. All right. If you ever want to preview it, you can preview it. You can also edit the preview text, which is the open up goodies, like extra little texts that some email providers will show you. It'll have the subject line. Then it'll have sort of a gray preview text, like the first little piece of an email. You can edit this and make your emails more compelling, right? So there's lots of different things you can do inside these sequences, inside the visual automations. And you can always click back over to edit the whole thing itself. All right. You could also do the conditionals. If they take a certain action, either they have a tag applied or did something else. We even looked at how to apply a tag in our emails by based on somebody taking an action, right? So that's a high level view of all the different things you can do with our automations and the visual automation and convert kit. Again, this is on the paid plan, but this is really going to help you create a much more targeted customer journey where they're getting exactly the right messages based on their behaviors, based on their interests and based on what they're showing you that they want. All right. I hope that helps have fun building automations and really getting the right message to the right clients.
