---
Source Program: Momentum Club
File Name: Trello Tutorial - Oct 22.mp4
---

Hello here. In this tutorial, I'm going to take you through how to navigate your way on the Trello board and submit assets or questions for feedback. Now, first thing first, you're going to be invited to your own personal Trello board, usually within 24 hours of you joining the program. So when you come in here, you see your name right on top, and you also see the people who are on your board. And on here, you see myself, you see Katrina, who's our client success coach, so she'll be here to answer all your questions. And you also see Dinah, who's our admin person. So just so you know, you can hover the mouse over their faces and we see the name to tag them on. So it's support coach one for Katrina, and then team Charlyn underscore Dinah for any admin related questions. So when you first come in, the thing that I would suggest that you do if you don't have your Trello account set up is just go to settings and then you can change the background images, you can change your email notification setting as well. So if someone tags you or respond to you, you'll get a notification by email to let you know. So you can change that setting to daily or every time someone tags you. And it's a good way of just getting notified when someone responds to you. And same thing for us as well, we do that. So make sure that you tag us every time you have a question, so we get an email notification about it. Otherwise, we wouldn't know. Alright, so when you first come in here, I'm going to ask you to work left to right. So you have the start here first section. So basically, these are just cover images, please don't go in here and type in anything. They're just cover images for each column. And under each column, you're going to have different cards. So this one here is for you. If you're new to Trello on this tutorial here, basically it's the same video you're watching here, where we talk about how to use this platform. And then any specific admin question, you can tag Dinah or if it's pretty complicated, feel free to email it to us info at shellenoy.com. And that's the second card here, you're going to see all these little lines, that means they're notes there. So you can come in here and then pop in anything that you want to ask. The next part here is about sharing Google documents. So along the program, you're going to have templates that we give to you, like your program outline template, or you might have other worksheets that you're working on, that's a Google Doc, and you want to submit that for review. So this card here just explains the process for doing it. Now to prevent any delay in getting feedback, we ask that you carefully read that and follow the instructions every time. And it relates to sharing access. So when you share a document with us, you'll need to give us access to view it and to edit that. So for example, this one here, you're going to be able to go to the right hand side top right of your Google document or Google sheets, and then click the share access section. Then you're going to get this section here that says get link. So then over here, it's going to ask who do you want to share it with. So we do suggest that you change it to anyone with the link. Instead of viewing, you want to give us permission to edit. We ask that you do that so we can come in and make suggestions. And the reason why we suggest using Google documents over Word document is because it will allow us to both work on the document at the same time. So let's say we have made some suggestions, and you're working on it, and you want to resubmit that for feedback. When you have a Word document, you're going to have to reattach it. But with Google Docs and Google Sheet, all the changes that you make is live. So we'll be able to quickly review that and give you feedback very instantly or very quickly. So then there won't be any delay in getting those feedback for you. And that's really important because we have had issues in the past going back and forth with clients and just creates a lot of delay. The next one here is on sharing Canva assets. So if you want us to review your Canva images, your Instagram posts, you'll have to go into the Instagram support board. I'm going to show you, it's a separate board. I'll show you how to do that in a minute. But same thing with sharing access, you can share with anyone the link. You can either choose can edit or can comment. And that will allow us to give you feedback on your Canva assets. Second section here is important notes. In this first card here, it talks about your program enrollment period. We often get clients asking us when does my program finish? How much longer have I got? So we put your dates here. And then program admin. So these are just some checklists of things that we need from you when you first start the program. So adding a screenshot of your current Instagram account. You can do that through your phone if you like. Attach your professional headshot or any photos. We don't need anything too fancy. Just so we can put a face to your name. Basically, I know who you are, but some of our other client, but some of our team members wouldn't know who you are. So it's always nice to put a face and a name. And then that's your client intake form. Make sure you complete that within 72 hours of joining the program. And then right here, these are your coaching call sections. If you want to book a private call, that's the link to use. That one there is for your group coaching team. So once you join a program, we'll let you know which group you're allocated to. That's just basically the name of the group, when it is, and the time. So we'll pop it in your time zone to make things easy. And over here, that's the Zoom link for the group. So you basically just click on that every time you join. It's the same link. And we'll let you know when the call starts as well. Now, the next part I want to talk about is your templates for adding tasks. That's just an example here on this column of how to organize your Trello board. This is your board. So I ask that you feel free to go in and make any changes, whichever way makes sense to you. So we'll put all these columns here for each month for you. Basically, we suggest to start with, you might want to organize it week by week. So here's just an example where you can go week starting tasks, all your tasks down here. So I'm going to suggest if you were to do that, just click on that little pencil button and then go copy and then create card. So that will come up. You see it pop up here. Just drag that over here. What I love about Trello is you can just drag things across. If you haven't done something during the time frame that you want, you can just drag it to the next month. So that's the week starting. So I'm going to give you an example week starting 1st of October, and then you want to start popping your tasks underneath so you can do that by adding a new card. So I'm going to say work on Instagram bio as an example, so you can add all your tasks underneath. And then when you do that, you can just tap on it and just start adding your notes on there. So one thing that I like to do is use it as a checklist. So for example, under this task, I'm going to add a little checklist there and then start adding little items. Okay, so you can just start adding things on there. Can't type right now. Okay, so yeah, just start adding your task on there. And as you complete them, you can just take the checklist. Now, if you've asked a question here, make sure you tag the right person. So if you're wanting any feedback or if you've got questions, you can ask Katrina. So you just basically type at support coach one. She's going to get this mention. Then please review and provide feedback on whatever you want feedback on. Now, we do have a request. When you ask a question, be specific. For example, if you just need some feedback on your website, please don't just say please review my website. Okay, that is quite a big job and we want to be able to give you specific feedback. So for example, you've got your landing page for your program and you want us to give you some feedback on that. So please then say here, please review program landing page and provide feedback and then you can put the link to wherever you want us to go on the same section as well and then hit save. And that's then going to send us the notification that you've asked a question. With regards to expectations for turnaround time, please allow up to 48 hours for a response. We have coaches from different time zones and due to time zone differences, sometimes when you submit something, it may take a bit longer and also depends on what you're submitting. If it's a quick question, we'll definitely be able to get back to you within 48 hours business days, Monday to Friday. If it's something bigger like your program outline or if you want us to review a website or sales emails or whatsoever, please allow up to five business days because we've got a lot of different things to review for our clients and want to make sure that we take the time to provide detailed feedback as well. So bigger assets will take about five business days, quicker questions will be around about 48 hours, Monday to Friday. Now do note that if you submit a question, let's say on Friday afternoon, we won't be able to get back to you until Monday or Tuesday. So it may be longer than the two days that we talked about, but it's two business days. Just want to give you the heads up there. And then once you've done that, click save and that will come up. And you can also tag members as well. So you can hit support coach to tag her. So it's easier for Katrina to have. I'm just going to tag myself. It's an example. You're going to see my picture pop up here. So as we're scrolling through, it'll be quick and easy for us to spot which cards need our attention and we can go straight to it. Now, that's one of the reasons why I suggest for you to go and add your profile photo as well. So you can do that through the profile section and add your own photos. It makes it easier for yourself to know what to do. Now, the other little quick thing that I want to mention is the attachment section. So you can attach things, but like I said, if you can try and submit things for review by Google doc, if possible, if it's short questions, you can just type it here. And the other thing is you can also give yourself a deadline of when you want things to be done as well. So to do that, basically you'll see this little clock section here. So tap that and then. Oh, hang on. How do we do this over here? I believe. There you go. Now, the other thing that you can do is add little deadlines or timeline reminders for yourself. So, for example, for this task, you want to give yourself a deadline to complete that by so you can come in, select the dates, like the time, and then you're going to get a reminder for that task. OK, so you'll see on here it's got the photo and it's also got the date that it's due by. The other thing is you can also use the labels as well. So if something is needing action, so you can just change it to action. So that will be that red color. If you're working on it, you can just change it to in progress. You do have to untick the last one. So it's orange. And then if you finished something, just take the completed and then that's going to come up as green. So as you're working through, you see all the greens coming up. OK, so then basically once you've got the first one, you can just repeat the next one. You can make a copy of that and then we're just going to drag this across. So then you have each week a new little cover starting to separate the different weeks of projects. So that's basically in terms of submitting tasks. Let's scroll all the way to the right and you're going to see the revenue report section. So basically on here, we just like to keep track of your revenue so we know how you're doing. If things are not going well, of course, we want to support you and help you with boosting your revenue and giving you ideas of what you can do. So here you just basically come in, click on the appropriate month. Now, we're going to adjust these when you join the program, depending on what month. So click on that. You'll come in here on top. You're going to put your total revenue for the month. So let's say that's eight thousand. So again, you'll put your income there as eight thousand. The expenses, let's say it's five hundred. And so then your profit margin is seventy five hundred. So once you've done that, you can just change the label to completed and then our admin person will come in here and adjust things for you. All right. You also get a reminder as well. So don't freak out if you forget. We'll remind you to pop in your revenue. And then when we have our coaching session, I will have a look through and give you feedback and suggestions on what you can do. So that's it here for the general Trello board. And then next up, we've got the Instagram support board. So this is where you can come in and ask specific questions about Instagram. So Taylor, our Instagram support coach is on here and she's happy to help you. But first up, we ask that you click on this section here where it takes you to the Instagram support Trello board tutorial. And I just take you through how to do it basically. And you want to make sure that if you haven't received a request from us, click here to join the Trello board. OK. All right. So any general Instagram questions, please add a new card and then you can pop it here. Please do not add it to this cover image here. OK, that's just a cover image. You add a new one and then once it's done, you'll see that it will be changed to green light. For example, this person submitting a request. It's been reviewed and Taylor's given her feedback and then there will be a tick on there. Any assets that you want us to review or post, this is where you can add a card here and put in the link to the Trello or a post as well. We do ask you not to submit things that you haven't posted because it can take us a couple of days to respond to you and we don't want to slow things down. But if you're someone who plans ahead, then yes, certainly more than happy for you to do that. We respond twice a week on this Trello board for Instagram. So basically just pop the link to the post. So this person here has submitted a post that she's put up previously for feedback. So basically she's added the link and then Trello, Taylor's come in here to give her feedback and put it under the relevant card for the week as well. And once they're all reviewed, then we'll move it to the completed section so it doesn't crowd out the board. Okay, so that's pretty much it for the Trello tutorial. If there is anything that you're unsure of, please feel free to ask. You can tag Diana, teamShellen underscore Diana, who's our admin support person, or you can ask me during coaching calls. Thanks so much for watching and I look forward to connecting with you very soon.
