---
Source Program: Momentum Club
File Name: Mod 5.6.mp4
---

Hey there, welcome. So in this video here, I'm going to take you through the formula for creating a high converting sales page. Because this video training here, it's on creating a long form sales page. It's going to be a much longer one, and I'm going to be breaking down each component and giving you lots of examples as well. Now I'm going to give you the heads up that you probably wouldn't need to create something like this, if it's your first round of launching. If it's the first time you're doing a webinar launch, you can simply send people straight from your webinar to your discovery call booking page or your application form. And you can certainly still have a sales page, but a short form sales page would suffice. And that's the one that I've covered on module four, when we talked about your founders launch. When you would need to create a longer form sales page would be when you're selling something that bypasses a discovery call. So that's what we call a direct open cut kind of sales. So this would be maybe when you're creating a mini course, you're selling that, or you are selling a low cost ebook or recipe book or meal plan. This is when a sales page is really important because you really need to outline every single part in your sales page so someone can have all the information they need to make a decision. When you have a sales call, that essentially replaces your sales page. And so I would just want to give you the heads up that if this is the first time you're launching on a webinar, you wouldn't need it, but I've put that here so you can get the understanding and learn the skills on how to create a longer form sales page. All right. So what I want you to do right now is go to the download section and grab the AC sales page guide. So that's where I've given you lots of examples and broken down the different parts of the sales page to guide you through as you're creating your own. And like I mentioned before, if you're cutting very close to the line and time is limited, you can just simply go to the founders launch section and grab the short form sales page guide and put something together that way. Now there are essentially 14 different parts to creating a long form sales page, and I'm going to break down each one at a time to give you sufficient examples so you know how to create them. I know that looking at this, it can feel really daunting because there's so many different components to it. So this is when I recommend allocating about two weeks, not two full weeks, but around two weeks to create one and to then go back and make the adjustments, get some on proof read and then final read before you publish it. So just give yourself enough time so you're making a good sales page there. All right. So let's look at part one. Section one is your grabbing headline, and that's essentially the top banner, the top part of your sales page. What someone looks at when they first land on your page, we call it above the fold. All right. The first part you really want to make sure you have in there is your countdown timer. So this could be counting down to when applications are closed. So this is where you can set the deadline there. And I think that is such an important component of any sales page because it creates the urgency there and it lets people know when doors are closing, gives them an indication when they need to make a decision by. All right. So there are different websites that you can use. If you're in Kajabi, you can simply go into create event and then insert your countdown timer there. If you're using some other websites, there are different sites that you can use, which I'll pop in the workbook and also in the description section as well. Now I do recommend placing a countdown timer in different parts of your sales page so you want to put it right on top so people will see it when they come in and right at the very bottom before they finish reading your sales page. And you can also put it in different sections like maybe where you have your pricing. So I'm going to guide you through and show you where you can put them. So that's the first part where you want people to see that right away. Now, the second part is having a grabbing headline. So this is where you want to have, you know, the key outcome and the tagline of your program right on top there so people can see it. So what I've got here is to accelerate your online business success, a 12 week business coaching program for dietitians and nutritionists to build a profitable online practice and achieve consistent 5k months plus. So that's our promise and I'm grabbing headline there to get people's attention, help them know that they're in the right place. Okay, so you can put that on there with a background photo and then the key highlight text there. And then just make sure you have your call to action button there as well. Remember I said in the last module that you want to make sure your CTA button is bright and it stands out. You don't want it to have like a light pink because that will blend in. You can also create by using black buttons as well. All right, so that's your CTA button there. And as I go through each section, I'm going to show you different examples from different sales pages of mine. So it may feel like it doesn't make sense because one slide I'm talking about my IBS program, one slide I'm talking about my business coaching program. So I just wanted to let you know that first up. Now the second part is once you affirm that people are in the right place, you then want to connect them, right? You want to build that connection by highlighting pain points and common frustrations that they experience. So you can start by saying, does this sound familiar? And then that's when you start listing some of the key pain points that your audience experiences. So this is where you might, if you are unsure, go back to your market research document where you highlight all the different problems and challenges and frustrations that your ICA experienced throughout the day. And you want to make sure that you're using keywords that your ICA uses as well. And I'll presume by the time that you're doing your webinar launch, you would have had a few clients work with you so far, especially through your beta or your founders program. So you should have a really good idea of what the pain points and frustrations are. And section number three is when you want to help them to look into the future. So that's what we call your future pacing section. So you could start by saying, imagine what life would be like if you could blah, blah, blah. So that's when you start to highlight the goals and the outcomes, the dreams and desire that they experience. You want them to know that it is possible for them to achieve these. What they need is essentially what you're going to talk about in the next step, your roadmap, your program to help them achieve those outcomes much quicker. And I just like to have a CTA button there again, where they can click. Now, I know that it may not make sense that you're putting all these CTAs right on top, but trust me, people are not just going to come to look at your sales page once. People who are really hot and keen on working with you are going to come to look at your sales page a few times. And you don't want them to scroll all the way to the bottom to get to your CTA button. So I just like to make sure that they're all throughout the sales page at key time points. Now let's look at section number four. That's when we introduce our offer or our program. So what I like to have first up there is some tangible images. So that's where you could insert mock-up images of your program portal and the resources. And I know that some of you probably wouldn't have everything created at this stage. If you don't, that's okay. If you do, that's great. You can start to pop some of the images on there. So I've given you a template for these mock-up images and you'll find them in the description section of this video. I've shown that to you previously in module four as well. So this isn't something new that you would be seeing for the first time. So I like to put that on there and just value stack. So what you're doing here is helping them to see tangible things that they're getting on the program. Because these are online programs, a lot of people may feel that they're not really getting much. So this is where you might want to put all your resources, key things that you know people really want. All right. So that's your mock-up image there. And then, so basically you can create that on camera and then that's when you start to introduce your program, start to talk about the outcomes, the highlights of your program, what you're going to help them achieve in that section there. So that's your brief outcome and your program tagline and then another button there for them to book a call, to apply, to enroll whatsoever. And just remember, I've gone through previous lines and you can see that I'm using different CTAs. Sign me up, book a call, book a free call, apply for a Kickstarter call, all the different CTAs to vary things up. Don't just have the same one to say sign up, sign up, join now, because you want to make it more interesting. All right. Now section number five and eight are your testimonials and case studies. I'm just going to combine that here. Now I've put these here as key sections. You can certainly sprinkle them all throughout your sales page where it's relevant, but at minimum I want to mention that twice. Okay. So your testimonials and case studies are optional. Obviously it depends on where you're based as a dietitian, where you're registered. So that's when you want to check with your professional regulation body what you're allowed to use. Now for those of you who are in Australia, who we are regulated by Dietitian Australia and we follow the APRA rules, there is a clause that we can't use testimonials for promoting ourselves, but you can certainly include parts where clients are talking about you, not clinical outcomes. So I've mentioned this multiple times and if you need clarity, you can certainly come and chat to me about it. But basically when anyone refers to you as a health practitioner and it could be examples like how woman friendly you are, how supportive you are, how thorough you are, how easy it is to work with you. And the process of working with you, logging onto the online portal is seamless. Having the online portal support, it's great. All the training videos are really helpful and extensive and they've gotten so many resources and things and being part of the online community. It's great for support. All of these, it's not considered clinical outcomes. So you're allowed to use them as testimonials. What you can't use is things like the practitioner has helped me reduce my HbA1c by 2%. I have dropped my cholesterol by X number or I have lost 10 kilos or I have gone from five times of opening my bowels a week to twice or it could be things like I have gone from opening my bowels once or twice a week to every single day and I'm feeling so much lighter. So these are all clinical outcomes that we're not allowed to use. So you just want to be a little bit more strategic and read between the lines and know what you can and can't use. Like I said, I'm more than happy to chat to you about it if you need to run things by me. All right. So when it comes to including testimonials, I like to suggest putting it like that as blocks or you can also put it as a slider where people can click the button next to look at the next one. So depending on what platform you use, there's certainly some limitations. But this one I have here is a block that I've included from Kajabi. So you can certainly go and find on the Kajabi, it's a new block and it's called the testimonial block and it comes up with that. You can delete a block. So it's just two. You can have one and then just have them one after another. So it's up to you. All right. Just bear in mind that if you make it too long, let's say if you have five row, sorry, one per row. So you just want to bear in mind that it's not too long, two usually at a time or three is fine. But if you have five, let's say in a row and people are having to scroll through five testimonials in a row on the mobile view, it's going to get a little bit long. So I would say three would be maximum. Now there's an option there for you to include a picture. You may or may not need to use the name. If you like, you can just include the first name and then the testimonial and what they have written. You want to keep it short. Don't make it too long. All right. If you haven't got a picture and you can use just a stock photo, if you can find one from Canva or from any of those common websites like Paxels, P-E-X-E-L-S or Unsplashed, sometimes you'll find some photos there as well. Otherwise, don't worry about putting a photo. Just use a quotation mark. All right. So that's your testimonial and case study section there. Now section six is when you start to dive deeper into your program and you start to outline the roadmaps and the outcomes of your program. So you've kind of started in section four, just telling people some of the overarching goals and outcomes. So right here, you want to dive deeper into each individual module or phases of your roadmap and covering more about that. So for example, for mine here, I've used Showit to create my website. It is a little bit more complex. So I would say if this is your first rodeo creating a website, just use something simple like Kajabi. If you're using Kajabi, if you're using Tinkerfect, they also have sales pages as well or Wix or Squarespace. Or you could use Wix or Squarespace. There is also sales page templates on there as well. Okay. So this one here, I've used Showit. So I've put the arrows on there and people can click and view each phases. And then under each one, we just kind of talk about the key outcomes or the marketing message for each phase. So you should have done this phase work already in module two, when you are creating an online program, you're planning different phases and stuff. So that should be relatively easy to do. Or if you prefer, you can also summarize it as a diagram using your roadmap diagram as well. So that will be a really great way for people to visualize the different parts of your program. And then you can kind of go on to section seven to explain more about the offer that you offer. So section six is when you start to outline the roadmap and the outcomes of your program. So remember in section four, we kind of gave them the overarching view of your program. You've got the mockup image, you've got the overall goal and the tagline there. And then section six is when you start to dive deeper and take them a step further diving into each stage or each module, letting them know what are some of the key outcomes. So I set up my sales page using show it so I can customize things a little bit more. It is a little bit more complex to use. So if it's your first rodeo, I wouldn't recommend this. You could easily use templates on Kajabi to do something similar. It probably wouldn't look like that at all, but you could do something similar. If you're using Wix or Squarespace, you can certainly find templates on there as well, or there are certainly options to purchase ready-made sales page templates. And I'll share them with you in the description section as well. So over here, you can see that I've gone through each phase and simply outline the key outcomes. But if you choose to, you can also display a roadmap in the form of a diagram. So you can include the image here instead of talking about showing it in this way, and then just make sure you outline the key outcomes of each phase. So once you've done that, you go on to then explain the offer a little bit more. So the offer is what they're getting from your program. So that's where you have your inclusion. So you can display these with icons on top, just some of the key things that you want to highlight with each offer, and then a short explanation below that. So this was done in Kajabi. This sales page here for my IBS was done in Kajabi. So I've simply looked for images on Canva. So basically, you can go through and do that. Talk about the key things that people really want. So I know that people love meal plans, resources, shopping lists, guides, and having access, knowing that they have a whole bunch of video lessons and trainings to guide them through, and they can get 24 access to it at their own time. All of those things, you want to explain that so people can clearly see the benefits. And then another part to this is diving into each individual module. Now, I've put here it's optional because it can be quite long, and you probably wouldn't need to do this unless you're selling like a self-paced course or a resource type low-cost offer like an e-book or meal plan, all right? So what I've done here for my FODMAP Focus program is I've essentially stepped out with each module, the title, the value of it, and the key outcomes that they're going to get from each module alongside with some mock-up images of it. Again, you can see that this is going to take a bit of time, so don't stress about this if you're doing a sales call, and you can just keep it really simple. And the next part of the seventh section is also outlining your bonuses. So after you've talked about each module, you can start to talk about the bonuses that they're getting. So this one here is one of my bonuses. I've basically created a mock-up of my recipe e-book. Obviously, it's not a hard copy, so it's really just to help people see what they're getting, and then I put the value on there and some of the key outcomes. And then after that, after you've done the bonuses, you want to say the total value of your program, so how much this all costs. What you want to do here is you want to anchor the pricing that they are going to be paying to all the different components if they were to be buying it separately, and we add it all up. That's how much it's going to cost, all right? So you just want to give them an idea of the total value. And then the investment, I generally don't recommend putting in the investment unless it's a self-paced course or a lower-cost offer where there's no sales call. You want to then let them know what the price is because they're buying directly from your sales page. So if you're doing an application call, so I've done something like this, very similar to this, for my Momentum Club where we don't talk about the investment because I want to make sure I get on the call, get to know the person first, and then be able to recommend to them whether the Momentum Club is suitable or there are other options of working with this as well. So I just put on there way, way less, okay, so you can certainly do the same thing. And then the last part of the seventh section is the pricing card. Again, if you're selling something direct on your webinar, this is when you need a pricing. So section seven, so just finishing up with the last part of section seven is your pricing card. So obviously, if you don't have anything to sell direct from your sales page and it's just simply getting people to book a call or to apply, then you wouldn't need to display the pricing. So just bear in mind, this is only if you're selling direct from your sales page, okay? So this is where you can start to...


The pricing or the investment so you want to have two parts one part is the payment plan option and then the other part is the paying for option and then you want to have a start today for just so this is my payment plan option where they have three payments of 10.97 and you just want to put the first payment and then two more easy payments of x1z so that's all listed there and then you just want to distinguish there so you can put there like flexible or low cost monthly or something like that and then you have your upfront payment where they paid for and safe a certain amount so i've listed that there and then the best value amount okay so that's the simplified version you can certainly put the full version where you outline some of the key differences between the upfront and the payment plan and then i've put on your best value and then low monthly payment plan and you can list out the total amount there as well so there you have it that's section seven and section eight is the testimonial section again so i'm not going to go through that i'm going to jump right through to section nine so section nine is your guarantee again you don't need to do this if it's a upfront premium for vip program if it's a course or something low price that they're paying for you want to give them that peace of mind and that's when you could do like a money back guarantee i highly highly recommend that you don't do this if there's any one-on-one components involved at all because you don't want people to take advantage of it if it's a self-paced course or resource where you're not really spending any time with that person and the risk is really low then you can do a 30 day money back guarantee or 14 day at a minimum all right so that's when you can just have a little logo there just gives people that confidence to know that they are buying and they can always request a refund if it's not the right fit for them it just again like makes it easier for them to go across the line it's risk-free for them and i would make sure if you're doing something like that that you have your t's and c's your terms and conditions clearly listed on your terms of purchase or terms of service so that will be on the checkout page where people can click on the link to view your terms of purchase to agree to the terms and condition by ticking a box on your sales page so this is where you want to so section nine is your guarantee and you really want to only do this for programs so section nine is the guarantee section and that's optional so you really only want to do this for online courses or any lower priced digital resources that you're selling i definitely wouldn't be offering a money back guarantee for any programs that involve your time with them one-on-one or within a group so nothing for group programs or premium vip programs okay so it's really only for online courses and digital products what you're doing here is you're making it risk-free for them you're making it as low barrier of entry as possible so they can easily cross the line and buy with confidence and i would say at the minimum you want to offer like a 14 day money back guarantee for self-paced courses 30 day is more than enough and if you're doing something like that you want to make the stand out so you know have a bright logo thing that makes it or graphic that makes it really clear and obvious so it stands out and you want to make sure that you've got very clear t's and c's or terms and conditions listed on your contract so you can insert a contract something called terms of purchase or terms of service and i can certainly include some links for you to have a look if you want to purchase templates or get a lawyer to draft them up so basically on there you want to let them know what the terms are and sometimes it will be you need to submit your homework make sure that you demonstrate you've gone through and implemented everything but not gotten results we can offer you a money back guarantee so this would be you know often used for weight loss programs and things and you want to clearly state what they have to do to request for a refund and what the refund terms are all right so this is just mainly a big part of what the online course people will it would do in all right so this is a big part of what people would do in the online course world of its self-directed courses and what you need to do is just to make sure you include a check box in your checkout page so people have to tick to say they agree to it before they complete the purchase all right and so that's all right and if you really want to include something like that for your premium programs you could say something really simple like my promise to you is i'm committed to working with you to achieve insert your result here using evidence-based evidence all right so if you want to do something like that for your premium program you can but i wouldn't say how many day money back guarantee or just something all right so if you want to do something like that for your premium program you can as well but i wouldn't offer any money back guarantee it would be more of making your guarantee for commitment so you could say something like my promise to you is i'm committed to working with you to achieve and then you insert your result here using evidence-based advice so you're demonstrating a commitment here but there's no refund in a sense okay so that's it for section nine now section 10 is important you want people to qualify themselves and to disqualify themselves if they're not a good match for the program so what you want to do here is to put in dot points what kind of qualities or type of people you want into your program so this is basically describing your ica here on the left side and then on the right side is who it's not for so i like to say it's likely not a match for you if you know you're looking for a quick fix or a magic pill solution you don't have xyz condition or you might be someone who's a non-diet dietician and you really want people who are just so fixated on that diet approach who wants meal plans calorie counting to disqualify themselves so you could mention on here as well that you don't prescribe meal plans so this is not the program for them all right especially if you're selling this as a direct to sales page to people buying directly on the checkout pages you want to make this super clear if you're going on a sales call with them it's not too bad because you'll have another layer of filter in there now on to section 11 this is where you start to introduce yourself the mistake that i see people make is often they introduce themselves right on top people don't really care about you who you are and what you do first up they want to make sure that the program that you have is suitable for them so that's why we only get to introduce you much later on you want them to be drawn in by what you have what you have to promise them and what you can help them achieve and then you can go on and maybe brag a little bit about yourself so have a picture and some of the you know things that you've achieved how long you've been in profession the number of people that you've helped so if you've helped lots of people you could say i've helped hundreds of people achieve x1z all right so some of your key results and then just underneath this section here i haven't done that for my sales page but you could include your professional organization logo so if you're apd rd just make sure you have those logos on there or if you've been featured in podcasts different newspaper articles or you've been interviewed or different things just put them on here because that adds social proof and credentials or credibility all right now section 12 we're getting to the end so thanks for hanging out here with me section 12 is after we've told them everything it says so on to section 12 we're very close to the end this is where you start to recap the offer so you've told them everything it's now time to summarize what they're getting so on here you would say something like here's a recap of what's waiting for you inside the insert your program name when you sign up these are all the key things you're getting and all these amazing bonuses and that's the total value so the recap section is important and then you can move on to your faqs your frequently asked questions section now this section is really important as well these are some of the common questions objections per se that you would have heard on sales calls when you chat to people so you want to make sure you include as many as possible i would say if you're struggling come up with them you want to include at least five so first up here i've got what does the program include um i've got so much on my plate right now how much time commitments required because i know that people are busy so that's one of the questions that they would often ask or they're feeling overwhelmed with all the things that they need to learn are you sure that i can do this so that's reaffirming and giving them the permission to focus on themselves there and the next one is i'm not so great with texts and people might feel unsure about online learning so that's when you might want to convey that your site is easy to use and you can always provide some help to help them navigate the site um and so on and so forth and the refund terms are important as well now you can see that there's so many questions on here and i'm going to have a response there underneath so when someone clicks on the first one it will come up and expand with the response same as the second one so forth and this part here it's called a faq accordion so you can certainly find this as a block on kajabi and it's a really easy way to display your questions and response without making it too long or overwhelming so it sets it up and keeps it neat for people to look through and last but not least we've got your closing statement and cta and this is where you just want to reel it in and just give people that last push that inspirational quote the encouragement for them to stop putting up with the problem and start taking some bold action so that's what i've got here and then my final cta button and below that remember you are going to insert the countdown timer as well so that's it for the 14 sections of the long form sales page and i'm just going to wrap up with some final tips for you now if this is the first time you're doing a long form sales page i know it's going to take time i know it can feel overwhelming so make things easier for you and to make things easier for yourself i highly highly recommend that you purchase a template a sales page template where someone's already put together the backbone they've optimized it with the flow to save you some time and i'm gonna pop some links of some sales page people and i'm gonna pop the link for some sales pages and i'm gonna pop the links for some online template shops that you can have a look at if you want to purchase templates and website templates as well these can really save you a lot of time and quite often the investment is so much lower than hiring a website designer to do all of this for you and some sales pages you can basically buy the template and put everything in once you have the copy done and put everything in within a day itself so it can be really easy and the second thing i want to remind you is to make sure that it is a stand alone and the second thing that i want to remind you is to make sure that your sales page is a stand alone page which is what we call a landing page you want to make sure that there's no website navigation bar right on top or at the bottom now navigation bar is things like your home page about me page your contact page which is typically the things that you'll see on a website but you really don't need that on the sales page you just want people who land on this to take one action to go through and book a call or to purchase from you so you want to remove all the distractions there and then just make sure that your sales page is mobile friendly if you're using something like kajabi or weeks of square space they are optimized for mobile view so you just want to scroll through your sales page on your phone to make sure that things look fine and nothing's out of alignment and all the buttons work whereas if you use something like wordpress or for myself we've used showit for our latest website they are not optimized for mobile so you just got to make sure that you go back and check that things are positioned properly in the right place after you've created it on the desktop view so that's why i do think that you just want to go with something simple a template or whatsoever when you're first getting started and lastly before you publish your sales page you just want to make sure that you get someone else to proofread it for you we can give you advice and feedback for sure but it is really your job and your friend or family get them to go ahead and read it as someone with fresh pair of eyes so they can proofread everything for you and pick up grammar mistakes and just check that all the links are working as well and they go to the right places because sometimes honestly when you look at it for so long for hours for weeks you can really just start to you know things can blend in together and you don't pick up all the little mistakes so having those fresh pair of eyes is certainly really helpful all right so that's it for this tutorial here in the next lesson i am going to finish you up and get you ready and prepared for your launch with some mindset lessons which are really key and lesson eight which is the final lesson it's on evaluating your launch and that is more so to be done when you're towards the end of your launch or once you finish we can evaluate the results and talk about how to improve it in the future so i'll see you in a bit over in the next lesson so i'll see you over in the next lesson to talk about mindset tips
