---
Source Program: Momentum Club
File Name: Mod 5.8-Spreadsheet.mp4
---

All right, so before we wrap up this lesson, I want to take you on a quick tour of the webinar launch analytics spreadsheet. Because if you're not a numbers person like me, when you come in here, it might look really overwhelming with all the numbers and different colors. But I promise you, once you know how to use the spreadsheet, it's actually not as scary as it looks. Okay, so the first thing to note is when you come in here, we have got five key columns here. So each column represent a launch. And most people will be launching around three to four times a year. So we've given you five columns here, and that's going to have more than enough space for you to enter the data from each launch. And once you've entered that, that will allow you to compare results from one launch to the other. And the green cells here will tell you the improvement in the numbers. When it's green, that means it's good. So anything from zero and above will be green. And then anything that's negative, zero and under, will be in the pink color. Okay, so the main thing we want you to look at is from top down. Basically, let's focus on this first one to start with. So we've got 3rd of January 2020 as the launch date here. And then you're going to come in here and enter the name of your program, because you might have a few programs that you're launching. And then the total net revenue. So you're entering all the information to grey cell. So let's say that is $12,900. And then the number of spots that you've sold for the program, let's say 10. And then your launch list size is essentially how many people have you got registered for your webinar. So let's say we've got 159 people registered. So that will spit out the numbers for your earnings per lead. We call it EPL. And that means the amount that each lead, meaning your webinar registrants, brings in through the number of people that signs up. So out of 159 people that registered, 10 people sign up. So the earnings per lead from that is $81.13, which is amazing. And this will be more relevant, especially if you're paying for ads in the future. But that just gives you an indication of how much each lead is worth to you, meaning your webinar registrants. And the conversion rate here is 6.29%, which is not too bad for a program that's worth $1,290. We say aim for 5% to 10%. So that's a good number there. And then the next part here is looking at your offer. So we've divided it into upfront and payment plan. So you're going to go ahead here and input how many people paid via upfront payment and how many people paid via payment plans. So let's say we've got eight people who paid for your payment plan and the revenue from that, let's say it's $9,000. That will tell you the percentage of sales from your upfront payment and then two people paid by payment plan. Now this part here, I just need to quickly explain that. That is the payment plan launch revenue. So how many people has paid upfront and the value or the amount collected at that point in time? Because we know your payment people are going to pay over a series of payment, but that's purely from the first payment. Let's say let's make it $500 per payment plan and that's times two. So that's $1,000 and the amount left to be collected will be what's left over the coming months, essentially. So let's say the payment plan's $500 a month and your program it's for four months. So that's $2,000 for your program. I know the numbers don't add up, but I'm just going to give you an example. So $2,000 per person for your program. And there is three payments of $500 left. So that's 1,500. And with two people paying that, that's $3,000 that's unpaid to be collected. So from the two people, that's going to bring in $4,000. Okay. I know that doesn't add up to what I was explaining with the upfront payment there, but don't worry about that. That was just mainly to explain the difference between these two columns here. And then the next one to look at is your launch breakdown. So how many people came to your webinar page? How many people registered? So you should be able to grab these data from webinar jam or your webinar platform. Same thing with your live attendees and how many people watch your replay. And the next part here, it's looking at your email. So we've got pre-webinar emails, which I've recommended for you to send two or three. And these are like your nurture emails or your webinar invitation emails. So the next part of this is your pre-webinar emails, and these are your invitation emails to your webinar. Okay. So you can go into your webinar marketing platform. So the next part here is looking at your pre-webinar emails and that's your invitation email to your whole email list to invite them to register for your webinar. So I recommend you send about two or three, and you can grab these data here from your email marketing platform, i.e. ConvertKit or Kajabi, depending on what you use. And basically you're going to each email and then looking at the analytics, how many emails were sent, how many people opened it, how many people clicked it, and how many people unsubscribed. So the ones in the white cell bolded is number that spit out to give you the percentages. All right. So you go through and enter them for each one. And then this part here is your webinar reminder email. So basically these are all the emails that are sent through WebinarJam. So again, you can go into WebinarJam to grab those data. And then the next part here is your post-webinar email. So these are sent through your email marketing platform. So you'll go back there and grab those data. All right. So you enter all of that in there, and then that will give you those numbers and you can compare it to the benchmarks. And then when you have future launches, you will come in and enter those. Obviously, it's going to be a little bit different depending on your launch mechanism, whether it's a webinar launch or Instagram launch or live launch. So you can always just take note of that. But that allows you to compare the results between each launch to know which launch method is effective. If your copy on the email is effective, if you offer, you know, more people are paying on payment plans or more people are paying more upfront payments. And that will allow you to make changes to your business and to your offer using measurable data like this. All right.
