---
Source Program: Momentum Club
File Name: Mod 5.7.mp4
---

Alright, so before you go off and kick off your launch, I want to wrap up the pre-launch planning lessons on helping you to strengthen your launch mindset. This is a really important step here, to prepare yourself, your mind, so you're mentally ready. Because no matter how prepared you are, with getting all your assets and different things ready for your launch, launching can stir up a whole range of emotions. So you're going to feel like you're going to be on an emotional roller coaster during your launch period. You're going to go through periods of high, when you've got lots of people coming to you, inquiring, joining your program, you come off a webinar, you feel really excited about what you've got. And then you may go through periods of lows as well, when it gets quieter, when you start to get rejections from people. And things like self-doubt, guilt, that you may not be doing enough, the unpredictability of launching and the uncertainty that might come along with it as well. So I want you to know that these feelings are absolutely normal. And one of the tips I want to share with you right away now is to detach yourself from a goal. Now you may have goals that you have set for this launch, but these are arbitrary numbers and you've got nothing to go by from previous launches. So this is the first time that you launch, so I want you to be kind to yourself and just detach yourself from your goal a little bit, so you're not basing your emotions on the numbers and how far you're away from your launch. And I want to share with you five tips here to help you get prepared for your launch. And the first one here, it's so key and you've heard me talk about it before, is to really get sold on your offer first, before you go about to sell it to other people. Before you sell it, you need to make sure that you believe in your program. You need to believe that your program is going to change other people's lives. And by working with you, your clients are going to achieve their goals faster. They're going to avoid all the mistakes that most people make and get to the end goal and achieve the outcomes that they want to achieve much quicker. And you need to believe that your program is so valuable and it would be a shame that people would miss out on the opportunity to join your program and to work with you. And you need to have full faith in yourself that you are worthy of success. You are worthy of attracting your dream clients and you're worthy of getting paid for your expertise for your time and for the value that you bring to your people. So that's the first tip there. And the second tip is I want you to prepare yourself physically and mentally. So you're showing up with 110% energy for your launch. Now you may or may not already realize launching is a big deal and there is a lot of things to get ready and to be prepared for. And most people are hustling and trying to put all the things together for the first time. So they go into launches feeling exhausted and tired after months and months of trying to pull things together. So you want to make sure that you're looking after yourself during your launch period. And so I want you to be the best version of yourself when you show up for yourself and for your audience as well. So things like self-care is so key. When I go through launching, I like to make sure that I already have pre-booked something to treat myself for the months of hard work leading up to this. So I like to pre-book appointments like massages or pedicure, just things that allows me to get away from the computer to rest and feel good about myself or even going for walks. And if you can, take naps as well so you can really take that time to recharge and connect with your body again. And the next thing I find really helpful is to start my day with positive affirmations. So I might be reading what I've written down or reading affirmation cards and things like that just to get myself in the right mindset. Even if the numbers are not showing what we want to achieve, but you still want to go into your day, into your launch with 110% energy so you're not looking grumpy or tired or frustrated because believe me, your audience, people who are coming for your webinar can sense it. All right? So one of the other ways to just get yourself and your mind prepared is to journal, to meditate, or even just taking that time up to reflect on what's going on, why you're feeling that way. And if you're experiencing a lot of emotions, connect with someone to talk about it. It could be with myself or one of the co-coaches on the team as well. So you get that emotional support to do it and know that you're not alone when you're going through launching. We're all here for you. Now tip number three, which is what I've been alluding to, is try not to make decisions during your launches based on your emotions. When it gets quieter, you might be tempted to say, oh, things are not going according to plan. I'm going to shut this launch. I'm going to drop my prices. I'm going to stop selling whatsoever things that we tell ourself. But you need to be aware that we're all humans, so we're going to experience all these feelings and emotions. So give yourself time and the permission to experience it, to know that that's normal. So you can ride that rollercoaster wave and allow it to just pass, but don't allow it to impair your judgment. So don't make wrong decisions just based on your emotions. And the other thing that I'm going to cover with you more in the next lesson is to look at the numbers. So I'll break down some of the conversion rates and statistics to consider. But whilst you're going through a launch, check your numbers daily. Numbers don't lie. So you want to check in, look at the number of people who have registered for your webinar, who's clicked on the link, who's catching the replay, who is clicking on your emails and opening your emails as well. So these are the key things to consider. And the other thing is I want you to really let go of perfection. Nothing is going to be perfect. You can do your best and expect the best, but don't push yourself to get everything to perfection level. And just remember to speak to yourself with kindness as well, because you don't want to be telling yourself nasty things. You don't want to be beating yourself up with things when it's not going right. So expect to be gentle with yourself. And that's my best advice when you're thinking of all these negative thoughts that could be going through your mind or experiencing the rollercoaster emotions. Now tip number four is to understand the launch sales cycle. These are very typical numbers, right? So tip number four is to understand the launch sales cycle. So these are typical numbers that we would see. Most of us would go into launching expecting everyone to buy on the first day, that they would jump on board straight away. But we need to know that everyone buys at different pace and they buy at their own time. And yes, we do have scarcity and urgency factors in place to help them make that decision. But know that there's going to be lulls and there's going to be a gush of people coming through. So just to give you an idea, on the first day, you'll be expecting around 25% of the sales and application to come in right when you open cart, when you have your applications open after your webinar. And then 30 to 50% on the last two days. And most typically we'll see around 25% of the people coming in in between. So as you can see, the longer your launch period, the longer it's going to take for people to come through. And they will mostly come through in the last two days. So just be aware that the in-between period will be a little bit quieter. And that's absolutely normal. It doesn't mean you have to stop showing up when it gets quieter. You want to keep showing up, keep being consistent, and keep reminding people about your program. And the next part is to remember that the fortune is in the follow-up. So if you already have had conversations with people in the past, you may have had discovery calls or sales calls that didn't convert, go ahead and follow up with them. Have DM conversations and check in with them to see how they're doing. Because you never know, some of them are still looking for help. And your message could just get them across the line to come and work with you. And lastly, for tip number five, is to expect the unexpected. And that's really key here for you to create space in your calendar so you can deal with any emergencies. Sometimes tech can go wrong, sometimes emails don't send. There are things that can pop up that we can never expect. So be sure to block out plenty of time and space in your calendar for yourself to deal with these emergencies. And so during your launch period, I would highly recommend that you block out some spots so you're not stuck in lots of client calls throughout the day. And that will give you energy to show up and be there for your audience and for your program to let people know about it on your social media. And remember that your launch is not over until you say it's over. So you might sometimes need to just improvise and look at what's happening. And maybe sometimes it involves coming up with extra quick action bonuses or throwing in things like standard payment plans or whatsoever to help you get to your goals. Look at the numbers and make some objective decisions based on that. So that's it for now. I want you guys to go into your launch with an open mind. Stay curious and just listen to your people. Look at what's going on and really see your launches as a chance for you to learn and get better. So each time you launch, you're going to get more and more confidence, just like riding a bike. You get more and more skilled and confidence the more you put your time into learning to master your craft. So that's it for now. I want you to go ahead and go into your launch 110% and confidence knowing that you have got this. The next lesson is talking about launch evaluation. So I don't recommend you watch that until you've finished your launch or you are towards the end of your launch. All right. So that's it for now. Have a wonderful, wonderful experience with your launches. Feel free to get in touch if you need any help and support. I'll see you over in the next lesson after your launch.
