---
Source Program: Momentum Club
File Name: Mod 5.5.mp4
---

All right, welcome. So in this walkthrough video here, I'm going to take you through the setup process for getting your webinar set up on WebinarJam. So the first step here is obviously to sign up for WebinarJam and get your settings done before you get to this step. And once you've decided on the date and the topic for your webinar, then you can come in here and set this all up. So you would go to my webinars and then go add a new webinar. And so the process here is go for the full configuration. Click next. And then you want to schedule this for later. All right. So there is different steps here. So basically, it's pretty intuitive. You just go through each step and then just make sure you push the button confirm before you go through to the next part of this. So in this step here, what's this configuration? There's actually three parts to it. So let's do it together. So first up, I'm going to type in my webinar name here for you. And this is only for your reference. So let's say I'm going to go Accelerator February 2022. So it's an internal reference and the webinar title would be five steps to 5K months. Just using this as an example and just know that this is what the public sees. And there's a maximum of 70 characters and the description here. It's public as well. OK. And then once you've done that, the webinar language will be in English. I believe they have a few different types of languages. So you can certainly pick one that works for where you and your audience are based. And then the next step here is to add a webinar thumbnail. So webinar jam has given you very specific instructions here. And that's the thumbnail that will come up when you share the link on social media, on your DMs. And so just know that there is a maximum limit of one megabyte. And the format that they recommend is JPEG or PNG. So I tend to do PNG because that's higher quality. And then just know that the ideal dimension is 660 by 440 pixels. So I create my images on a camera and now I'm just going to upload one from before. Lovely. All right. So then here, the next step is to decide if you want to list your webinar or put it on demand. I tend to like to just keep it private because it's more so for my clients. Anyway, if you put it on demand, it's going to just be displayed to the general public where it might not be relevant. Once you've completed this step, just go confirm. And next step is to add the webinar presenter, which will be yourself. So the one here, it's already preset up in your settings. So you might just want to come in here and edit that if that's incorrect. So I'm just going to change it on here. So and once you've done that, you can click confirm and sorry, click save. All right. And then you can also add a moderator. So, for example, if you have someone else coming in to help you, like your friend who's a dietitian or maybe your virtual assistant or a student intern, you can get them to come on and help you to moderate the comments and help people out if they're lost. So let's go as an example. I'm just going to put this on as an example and then go moderator. Toggle to that. Click save and then Emily will be added on there. Click confirm. And then I'll show you where this would matter because the moderators would have their own link to log in on the day. And then you as a presenter, you'll have your own link as well. OK. And the next one is streaming service. So I just put it to Webinar Jam live. So this broadcasted through Webinar Jam. And then you can just click save. Webinar Jam confirm. And once you've completed those three steps, let's click next. And it's going to take you to the next tab on top. So there's nine steps. So we're just going to let. Yep. So now we're on the second step, which is schedules. So this is where you need to pay attention. All right. So here on the webinar schedule, like I recommended, I suggested for you guys to have two sessions for your webinar. And these are duplicate sessions. In a sense, you're presenting the same thing. So you really only need people to come for one session. So this is where you want to say one single session. So they only need to register for one of them at a time. They can choose to register for the second one if they miss the first one. But you would still select that the multiple sessions. It's only if you want them to register to everything. So, for example, you might have two sessions, which is different things like you may have one, which is part one and a part two. This is usually more for paid masterclasses or trainings. Then you can select multiple sessions because once they sign up, they'll be signed up to both sessions. Or it could be a recurring series of sessions that you run once a week. But honestly, these two is not going to be relevant for you guys for a start. So just click the initial session here. And then this is where you want to start adding on the session date. So let's say I'm going to run one on the first of February. I'm going to select the time. So the time is going to be relevant for your time zone where you're based. So you would set this up in the settings when you first sign up. Let's say I'm going to run at 9 a.m. in the morning and that will be for Perth where I'm based. You click add so that first session will be added. And then you're going to select the next date. So we've got the first. I'm going to do the third at let's say we do that in the evening at 5 p.m. Like that again, Perth, add that. OK, I would highly suggest you do the times based on where you live. So it makes it easier. And then switch on this feature here where it says allow time zone conversion. So people, especially if you have an international audience where most of us would, then you want to make sure that they can convert it in their own time zone. So confirm that and then click next. And the next part here is the registration page design. So this is where you can create your own registration page using the templates that are available through Webinar Jam. It just makes it so much easier than having to go create your own. So there are so many different examples here, depending on whether or not you want to have a video embedded as part of your registration page. You can pick the ones with a video so you can see a little black square with a play button. So these ones allows you to upload videos if you don't have any videos. So just go ahead and choose a simple design. I tend to like to select any one of these. I think they should be fine. So you can do which one. So I think I normally like to select this one here so you can preview it and look at what it looks like. So I like to have a picture, the description and then presenter. OK, so once you've selected that, you would go customize. So make sure you click on that. So it tells you what the registration bar. Do you want it at the bottom? Do you want it to be a bubble or button or embedded form? You can pick whichever option you like. OK, so let's go with this one, for example. So that's certainly a new feature that they've added recently. All right. So here you can pick a picture that you like. So just make sure you click on the little pencil or pen button there to pick a picture. And then it says here free webinar. I highly recommend you put the word free because it will get people's attention. So this is where you can even change the color as well. If you didn't like the standard color they've given you and just make sure you click save. OK, put in your text in there. If you want to copy emojis and use that as a bullet point, you can go to this website called EmojiPedia.org. OK, that's what I use to put in emojis for my Instagram captions as well, because I tend to like to do my captions on the computer and put it into later straight away. So that's where I would find emojis. OK, so you can type in like bullet points and see what comes up. OK, so no, I didn't type in the right ones. You can go symbols. There you go. So that's all the symbols. Then you can select different ones depending on what you like. So I like to use the check mark, the tick, and I tend to try and remember what the names are. So these are the common ones that I use. So you just copy that and put that into Webinar Jam. Let's do this as an example to show you. So you basically just go and put in your text and then I might go. You can even bold it as well, so that's where you go bold. You can change the color if you prefer it to be in a different color. You can change the text and you can make it bigger. Let's make it even bigger so it's obvious. So there you go. So sometimes, you know, if there's specific things like maybe the tagline or certain keywords, you might want to change the font so it's bigger and it stands out in a different color. You can also adjust the height. So line height is the spacing between the paragraphs. OK, so that's the part where you put in information about your webinar, what people are going to be learning and the freebie that you're giving away as well. You can also put that information on there. I wanted to mention on this picture section here, you can certainly create something on Canva where it might have a mockup image of your freebie because that tends to get people's attention. With a photo of you, I do tend to suggest putting a photo of you so it's more personal. All right. And then once you've done this part here, the next thing is to look at this part where people can sign up and opt in. And this is great. I like this new feature actually because it just makes it so much easier for people to see it and opt in. So here you can change different things like the background color. So let's change it to like a darker gray, for example, and the button. So this button, let's just change it to sign up now. And then just make sure you always click save and you can see this is now called sign up now. Okay. And then you can look at what else you want to change in there. So with the button color, you can also change that to your theme color. So make that super bright, whichever color suits you. And then on here, you'll have presenter, which this is populated from the first part of the nine step setup process. So you can edit that. I would also suggest that you don't put the moderator on there unless there's someone prominent. So you can cross that part out. You can even change the name to dietitian. And then just make sure you save. And then once, so you can see that's updated now. If you didn't like the photo of yourself, you can go back to step one and change that. All right. So once this step is done, just make sure you go to actions on top and then save it and exit. All right. So this is saved as part number two, confirm this page design setup. And then the registration form fields is where you tell webinar jam what you want to collect. So we've got the first name on there. You can turn that on and make it mandatory and the email address. So these are the two most basic things. All right. If you want the phone number, which I don't suggest asking for phone number, you can. And that's pretty much it. And then auto subscribe to future webinars. You don't, I would suggest disabling that. You don't really want that on. And then this is free versus paid. So I would say free if you want to run a paid webinar, this is where people can pay to sign up. You probably won't be doing this for a while. So don't worry about that step. And the next part here is the password protection. So do people need a password when they come in? I would normally put it as no. So confirm that. And once you finish those five steps on there, just click next. And then that's going to take you to step number four, which is your notification. So your email gateway, if you click that. So this is where the emails are sent out from webinar jam. And I do tend to recommend doing that for any pre-webinar emails and then post-webinar emails. You can put it through your email provider platform, which could be ConvertKit, ActiveCampaign or MailChimp or whatsoever. But emails that are going out to people should be through webinar jam. So just confirm that and then remind the notification. All right. So this is where you can set up your pre and post-webinar notification. Like I said, the post-webinar notification should be going up from your email provider platform outside of webinar jam. So when people sign up, you can go up here and send them the email to confirm registration. So they do give you a standard one. I have given you a more specific one, which is optimized for encouraging people to come live, especially talking about your freebies. So I do recommend that you use that one. So you can copy that and come in and paste that in here. You can also adjust the subject title as well. And if you want to test it, send it to yourself to just make sure it works. Now, do note that this part here, where it says live link, that's hyperlink. So these are specific codes that are linked to ActiveCamp. Sorry. These are specific codes that are linked to webinar jam. So make sure that you don't adjust them or change them. So come in here. If you were to change anything, just make sure you copy and then paste it on there. OK, and then your password. Like I say, you don't need a password, so you can delete that part. But I will give you the template for these email swipe files on the downloadable section. OK, so once you've done that, just click save. And then you want to send people reminders as well before emails, before the event itself. So you can get as many people to come live as possible. And I do normally recommend sending out at least two. So usually one 24 hours and then another one 15 minutes before. If you do start advertising your webinar early, I would say try and send another one out 48 or 72 hours beforehand so people get those reminders early. So let's go in and look at this one here. So again, you can adjust the title, can adjust the information that goes out on there. And then again, send yourself a test email to confirm. You can also go in and add some more. So go in and add that and adjust the time frame. So this one here is 24. You can adjust it to 48, change the title and all the information that comes in here. I do like to add the image of the freebie on the email itself. And that's where you can go upload image. OK, and again, you can bold things. You can use these different features here to optimize your email. Once you finish this step, click confirm and then next. And then here it's going to take you to the integration section. So the email auto respond to integration is where you would start to integrate and link up your previous. All right, so the next step here is the integration section. This is where you would come in and link up your email provider platform. So you go to email auto responder integration, click on that and then find your email system. So if you use MailChimp, that's the one. If you use ConvertKit, that's the one. If the one that you're using is actually not on here, what you need to do is link it up using a program called Zapier. So Zapier basically think of it as a third party linking system and links things that are not available on here to where you want it to link. So, for example, if you're someone who uses Kajabi and the email marketing on there, you can see Kajabi is not on here. So you need to go sign up with Zapier first and set that up and just know that Zapier is a free tool. There are paid tiers as well and you're allowed 10 free zaps before you have to start paying. So that would be something to click to edit, to set it up. And then let's go use ConvertKit as an example. And this is where, let's say if you use ConvertKit, you want to start to assign tags. And what it's doing here, it's allowing WebinarJam to talk to ConvertKit. If someone registers for your webinar, they will be added to ConvertKit, your email list as someone who's registered for your webinar, and they will have a tag automatically assigned to them. So you need to actually go into ConvertKit or your email system to create these tags beforehand. So I do recommend you create three tags. So the first tag is registered webinar. The second tag is attended webinar. And the third tag is did not attend webinar. So you need to have those different tags set up first so you can link it up here. So the first one is if they register, then you want to add a tag. So think of tags as labels. So I'm labeling them a little sign to say they have registered, OK, because I haven't set these up and I don't use ConvertKit. Actually, I'm going to use ActiveCampaign here because that's what we have. Then add a tag. So this is where you can go in and add different tags. So we've created all these different tags on ActiveCampaign beforehand. So I've got registered. That's the accelerator launch. There we go. So that's your first tag. And then the second tag is if they attend the live webinar, then add a tag. Again, I've created this on ActiveCampaign where they attended the first webinar or attended any webinar, really. I think for you guys, just keep it really simple. No. I should have a tag that says attend webinar. There we go. Obviously, you don't have to copy the exact wording. That's just the example that was set up. And then if they missed the webinar, they're going to have another tag to tell us that they have missed the webinar. Missed webinar. There we go. Create integration role. And then that's all set up. So click next. Confirm third party tracking system. I would say turn that off. Don't worry about it. It's more for if you're doing ads like Google Analytics or Facebook ads. All right. Then click next. And the next page here is the thank you page. So once someone has registered for your webinar, you want to send them to a thank you page. And that is essentially confirming that they have signed up, confirming their time and the link. And then also I like to say, go and check your email to make sure you receive the confirmation email. Just in case your email does end up in their junk or spam mail, then at least you can get them to move it to a regular page, to the inbox. So click on that. Go confirm. Okay. That's done. And then survey your audience. You can ask them questions in the thank you page, like asking them, for example, I could ask them, have you started your business yet? Yes or no? Do you have an Instagram account? Yes or no? So you can ask certain questions to get some information. All right. And then the design page.


So that's where you can go through and pick the different designs. So you could have a design where you have a video thanking them and getting them ramp up for the webinar and just doing it more fancy. So you can have that or you can just pick simpler designs. So let's go for let's pick this one. All right. So you just come in here and edit the different fields again, like I might not want Emily to be shown here. So I'm going to remove her and save it. So it's just me. You can change the text on here. You can change the image or the information. And then that gives them the information about the webinar and the link. So all of this is auto populated so you don't have to worry about it. And if you didn't like the background of this site here on the back, you can go and adjust that as well. So any fields that can be adjusted will have the pen button there. So you can change that and you can even upload an image or select a different color. So let's say that's all set to go. Just make sure you got actions and then save and exit. Confirm that. Go to next. And then this is quite an important page. So this is the live page when it's on your live webinar, basically. So the countdown page design is essentially when someone has click on the link on the day itself and they're kind of in the waiting room waiting for your webinar to start. You can come in here and customize the design. So I'm going to keep it the same as my registration page. Come in here again, edit those things and it will count down to the webinar starting. So I like to tell people to come to the webinar at least five to 10 minutes ahead of time in case there's any tech issues and then we can get them settled in. So this will be counting down itself. So you just want to have a little bit more information. Again, same information as you had in your registration page. You can copy that across and get people excited. Let's get that going. Actually, let me save that. All right, that's done. The live room design itself is what you want your screen to look like on the day. So the one that I like to pick is this one. So it's clean cut. I would suggest not having the dark one because it does look a little bit more painful in the eye with everything black. So I like to just pick the first design here. It's simple and easy. Polls and quizzes is if you have any quizzes you want to pop up. You might want to ask people, you know, do you have IBS? Do you have SIBO or whatsoever questions you want to ask them? You can pop that up on the day so you can preset these up. Product offer is what you want them to do. So what you're selling on the webinar, essentially, and for the majority of you, you're going to be encouraging people to go book a strategy call and apply to work with you. So this is where you might go and pop up the link to your discovery call booking or your application form, whichever method you choose. So that's where you put up the name of the offer. So I'm going to say strategy call. Book a strategy free strategy call. OK, so that's the heading that comes up here on top. And on the day on the webinar itself, you'll be able to pop this link up and then people will see these information here. So that's when you go and make the offer, essentially. And I'm just going to use one of these images as an example. It does tell you the format and the text as well. OK, and the text inside the button is what you want to say there. So book a free call now. So you can adjust all of this information to tailor it. And the button link will be the link to your application form or to your discovery call booking. And I would turn on this new tab so it opens up a new tab and they can continue to listen to you whilst you're completing the form or booking the time. Broadcasting sales in real time. I don't really turn this on because it will pop up and say so and so from California, from Perth has just done this or it's been sold to this person. I don't tend to click this one on unless it's a direct cut to sales page sale where people can buy directly on a webinar. But usually for application form or strategy call bookings, you don't have to do that. Add scarcity in your offer is if you have a limited number of spots. Let's say if you have 30 call bookings, for example, open up, then you can turn this on. But I suggest not using that apply urgency in your offer would be say if you say to people, if you book on this call, book on this webinar or within the next two hours or 30 minutes, you're going to get this special offer. So you can turn this on and say what you want it to be so you can do 30 minutes there. So it would say 30 minutes book now and you get the free call if you like. And if you do that, then I would say that it would apply for people who watches the webinar. OK, I'm going to use that as an example. OK, so let's confirm that the next part is video injection. I wouldn't worry about that. That's only if you want to add a video within your slides, your presentation. File handout is where you would go in and attach your file, your freebie, where you want people to download. So let's say if you have a PDF of maybe a three day meal plan for your attendees to get when they come to your webinar and stay right till the end. You can upload the handout here on the day will make it easier. You just pop that out and people will see a little pop up link to download it so you can choose to upload that. And then the next one is your slide presentation. So you can go and upload your slides for the day, but because I like to make changes right up to the day of the webinar. So I tend to just screen share on the day. OK, so I just want to emphasize that you don't have to upload your slides presentation. You can just screen share on that day. That would obviously help if you have two screens. For me, I've got two screens, so I just screen share the other screen and make it full screen from Canva. OK, so that's something that you can certainly do. If you only have one screen, then I would say upload it. Just know that once you upload this and you have people registering, I would say don't go back and edit anything because the changes might not apply. OK, and then this last step here is webinar replay recording. So that's where you can go and get the webinar to get recorded. So this is where you want to turn it on so people can watch your replay. So confirm that and then the replay recording enabled and you want to do a replica replay. So it will copy exactly what you've got. The expiration date. So I do tend to like to set up that to 72 hours, which is three days. So it encourages people to watch the webinar within that time. Otherwise, the truth is people get busy and forget and they probably won't come back to watch it. So the key here is to add some urgency there for them to watch it during that time frame so they can go in and apply to work with you and then allow users to submit question during the replay itself. So, yes, you can activate the chat box and I do recommend that. So if someone's watching the replay and they submit a question, then you can get that email to you. So I'm going to go put in my email address there and then confirm. All right. And then you go next. And that's the last step of your webinar setup. So you can see here we've got the accelerator webinar set up for February 2022 at those times. And what you want to do now is go to your links and you can see here that there's three tabs. So that's the attendees link. So that's for them to register for your webinar. So this is the exact link that you'll be using to share on your social media, on your email that you send out to invite people on your email list to register for your webinar. So I recommend that you copy this and then put it onto your social media. Now, if you're putting that as the only link, you can see it's really long and messy. So you can certainly use something like Bitly to shorten the link so it doesn't look too long and confusing. OK, so that's one tip there for you. If you're embedding this on your website, you can also then create this little pop up here if you're creating your own landing page on your website. But most of you will be using the registration page on Webinar Jam. So you don't have to worry about this. This one here is the direct link to the live room. So on the day itself, I like to pop on to my stories and urge people to go and register for the webinar or as a reminder for them to come to the webinar. So what I like to do is create this direct link to live room, copy this and pop it into my story with the link sticker and say, hey, I'm running a webinar today at this time, click on this to go straight to the webinar room. So then they bypass the registration page and basically or just prompt them to enter their first name and email address. And if they're already registered, great. They'll go straight in. If they haven't, at least these people, new people who are registered would be added to your list. So this is the link that you can use on the day itself. All right. And it says here to give it last minute user booking. And the next part here is presenter. So for you on the day itself to log into the live room, you are using this link here. OK, so you want to use that for yourself to go into the webinar so it knows that you're a presenter. And then here is the control panel as a moderator. But that's obviously it's only for enterprise account. And most of you understand it. So you want to have the moderator feature anyway. So don't worry about that. And then you have the replay one. It's only after your webinar has finished. You'll get a link here. So that's the exact link that you're going to grab to put it into your email marketing platform. Remember, all the post-webinar emails are going from your webinar platform. So, for example, if you use ConvertKit, you are then going to copy this replay link and put it into your ConvertKit. OK, and this would usually be ready within 10 minutes after your webinar. So once you finish your webinar, give it some time to process and then come back and grab this link. Sometimes it might take longer, but I would say just 10 minutes and should be up. All right. Now, that's it for the setup. I would say if you want to run a test, which I highly, highly recommend that you actually trial going live on the day itself. So sorry, the next part here is to get some practice in before the live webinar itself. You want to make sure that you have plenty of practice so you can feel really confident when you get into the room on that day. So instead of using run a test, which sometimes things can go wrong, might press the wrong button. I highly recommend you clone the webinar so it becomes a clone the exact same day. All the information's on there, but it gives you a different link. So when you clone it, like I just put that there as a test or you can call it clone like we've done that previously. So then you can go in there, pretend to actually go live instead of running a test. So then you can just make sure you know where all the buttons are. And you can also try popping up the sales link, the freebie link test. Make sure you're comfortable with everything. So that's what I would suggest doing. Just cloning that and then going live on that one. And then you can go back and watch the replay itself as well. And just make sure that you're aware that there is a tiny little lag between you asking your attendees to type in something in the comments box and you seeing those comments. And usually it's about a three to five second lag. OK, so just something for you to be aware of. And the last two things I want to show you is the analytic section. So that will allow you to go in and actually see statistics. And that's what I love about Webinar Jam. So I'm going to use this one here as an example. You can go select the webinar itself. I'm going to pick that session. If you have two sessions, you can pick either one and then you go and you'll pull up all the stats. So for this webinar here, I had 265 people visit my page and 193 people registered. So the sign up rate is 72 percent, which is amazing. Remember, typically we say aim for 35 percent. So that one's great. And then the show up rate was we can see 25 percent people showed up live. So 50 live attendees and then 54 people watch the replay. OK, so that's where you would compare it to the numbers from the second webinar, looking at the benchmark readings. And also this information you can put into the launch evaluation calculator that we give you in the last lesson of this module as well. So that's for you to look at the analytics. The other thing that you can look at is registrants. So you can go in and specifically see who's registered for your webinar. All right. So obviously this hasn't happened, but you can go in and look at this all sessions and then click to see who sign up. But this was one that I just set up. So obviously there's no one. But you can literally go in and select individual sessions and see who sign up for it. All right. So that's it here for this walkthrough video. I know it's a long one, but I wanted to really take you through every single step that's involved in the webinar setup, because that's often a question that I get as well. And I want you to know that we're here to help you. If you're stuck, feel free to reach out. And the other thing is, once you've finished your live webinar, webinar jam, you can actually transfer that webinar over to ever webinar. So ever webinar is the evergreen option for webinar jam. So you might find the best out of the two sessions that you've got and then bring one of them across ever webinar and run that on an ongoing basis. So people can always sign up for your webinar. And this is a great funnel that I'm going to teach you in module six. So I'm not going to go too much into this right now because I will explain more in module six about how to set up the evergreen webinar funnel. All right. Thanks for watching and all the best for your webinar.
