---
Source Program: Momentum Club
File Name: Mod 6.1.mp4
---

Hey there, welcome back to module 6. Now module 6 is super exciting because it is the last module here in the momentum club. So congratulations for making it this far. Now in this module, I'm going to talk about how you can scale your business and take it from that 3 to 5k a month to 10k months and beyond. So you would have already done live launches via webinars and via Instagram over the last few modules. And then this module, I'm going to teach you how you can enroll clients on evergreen in between launches. So you can avoid that feast and famine mode in your business where you're going to have big minds in your business and then you hear nothing in between. So we're going to avoid that for you. And then I'm going to talk about your live launch plan. So we're going to plan out on your calendar, your live launch dates and things like that over the next six months. And then we're going to design your product suite roadmap. So here I'm going to talk about how you can layer on your next product. So you start to have different offers available at different layers or stages for your clients to work with you. So you can scale your business to that six figure mark and it will give you more freedom and flexibility in your business. Now, right now, I want to introduce you to the concept of evergreen webinar funnels. So this is a little different to your live webinars that you've done. What we're doing here with the evergreen funnel is helping you to enroll clients or a steady stream of clients in between launches using evergreen webinar funnel. And this is not going to be any different in terms of the webinar content that you have from your live webinar. This is just going to be an automated webinar. So I'm going to step you through what it looks like in terms of the process. So right here, we need a traffic source into your webinar funnel. So this would be through your social media as a call to action there. You can send people to evergreen webinar through your lead magnet. So once they've downloaded your lead magnet in your follow up nurture emails, you can invite them to your automated webinar or you can also have it on your pop up on your website or through your blogs as well. And then you're going to send them to your webinar registration page. And instead of this being a live webinar event, where it's similar to what you've done in the past, where you have two sessions on a set date and time, an automated webinar actually gives your audience or your leads more options to register for the webinar at a time that suits them. So it will enable you to increase the number of people who could attend your webinar live in a sense. And then once they've attended your webinar, you're going to invite them to go apply for your program and book in a strategy call. And what most people would do is they would just use their live webinars and bring that across to the evergreen webinar platform. So they're running the same one and it's all automated and will enable you to bring in leads to your business even when you sleep. And once you master this strategy, you can use it for courses, self-paced courses. And that's when people say they truly make money when they sleep and they don't even have to lift a finger or sell anything because people are going through that automated webinar funnel on evergreen on demand. So that helps to bring in the extra passive income. But right now, we're going to use this just for your one on one program or your group program. So we're not going to look too far beyond just yet. And you might be asking me, how do I run these evergreen webinars? So I want to introduce you to two options here. Now, the first option here is using everwebinar. And the second option is using an existing tool that a lot of you would already have called Kajabi. So explain what's involved in those two and the differences. Now, in terms of everwebinar, this is an all in one automated webinar platform, and it is a really comprehensive platform, which I love. And it simulates live webinars. So although this is an automated webinar that's running in the background, it's pre-recorded, it feels like a live webinar experience. And that can be really nice for people who are watching your webinar. It doesn't feel like they're sitting there watching a recording. They can actually participate. They can post comments as if they're on the webinar live, and that will obviously increase the engagement and the likelihood of them booking in a call applying for your program. Now, you might see everwebinar and think that looks familiar. Now, back then, when you registered for webinar jam, if that's what you use, you would have been introduced to the other platform called everwebinar as well. So they're basically owned by the same company, which is Genesis. And I call them sister platforms. So they can be linked up together. And I'm going to show you how easy it is to bring your live webinar that you recorded onto everwebinar without needing to do anything different. They can pull the whole recording across, which makes it so easy to set up. And now onto option number two, which is Kajabi, which most of you would be using. Now, Kajabi has just added this webinar feature, I would say over the last year or so in 2021. And so it's still a fairly new tool. And Kajabi is an all-in-one platform. And sometimes I find that certain features added, it's not quite refined. And we just need to give them some more time to improve and optimize it. So I find that right now at the time of recording, it's actually not as robust as everwebinar. So I would say if you have the budget, then use everwebinar because it's so much more robust and enables you to do more. It's much better from the viewer experience. But if you're really budget conscious and you're a little bit tight, there were constraints, then you could certainly use Kajabi. In terms of the cost, the difference is a little bit more. So obviously with everwebinar, it is another platform. So you're paying for something different. And the cost of it is right now at the time of recording, it's $99 a month. So some people will have it run for a few months, turn it off, do the live launch, give it a break and then go back again. But if you sign up for the whole year, the cost does half. So it goes down to about $500 a year. And I've been with everwebinar for three years now, and it's been really good. I have never thought about leaving it. So that's something that I truly stand by and use myself. So I highly recommend that you consider it if you can. Now, there are numerous benefits to everwebinar. So the first one, like I mentioned before, is you can directly import and pull your live webinar recording from webinar jam across to everwebinar. So when you go to the setup stage, it will ask you, do you want to upload an external video file or a previous webinar jam live session? So if you want to pull something that you've done before, you just simply click that button and then it will load. So it makes it so easy for you to make your webinars evergreen. So I'm going to show you in the next training when I talk about the everwebinar walkthrough to show you how to do that. And if you didn't quite love your live webinar, that's OK as well. You can certainly re-record it. You can do it on Zoom. You can do it on OBS. You can do it on QuickTime. It's up to you. And then you can upload it here. OK, and it will be seamless. It will be as if someone's registering for a live webinar. So that's benefit number one. Now, benefit number two, like I said, is that it simulates a live webinar. So it will be as if someone's registering for your webinar at real time. So when you set it up, you'll have the option for people to watch the replay, which I don't recommend because you want it to be like a live webinar. So I'll turn off that feature and then you'll be able to offer three more times. So the first one is the just-in-time, which means a webinar is offered at every 15 minutes of the clock. So, for example, you can offer at 9 o'clock, 9.15, 9.30, 9.45. So it'll just work out when that person is actually on viewing the registration page and it will offer the closest time to the next 15 minutes. And then you also have the option to choose from two other times. And I do recommend something in the morning and something in the evening as well afterwards. So around the time of 9.10 o'clock and then 7 p.m. in the evening. And it will also ask you if you want to block out certain dates and times. I like to block mine out from 10 p.m. at night to 7 or 8 a.m. the next morning. So it just doesn't make sense that I'm running a webinar at 2 a.m., right? So it enables you to turn that off and also any public holidays as well. So you can really customize this experience. Now, benefit number three, just like how it simulates the life experience or enable your attendees while on your Evergreen webinar. Now, benefit number three is that, like I mentioned before, Everwebinar simulates that live experience. So you can also integrate a live chat box. So people who are watching the automated webinar would be able to participate and type in the comments as if they're showing up live. And that comment will then be sent to you to approve if you want to add it in or you can always email that person and respond back to them directly. Now, you can import the live chat box that you have from your live webinar and bring it across to Everwebinar. So it is really cool in that regard. You can even come up here and cross out the ones that you didn't want to show. Maybe someone made an awful comment or something disruptive and you want to delete that. You can also add in additional comments as well. So if you didn't have that many people come for your live webinar, it was a little bit quiet, you can certainly add in additional comments there, which is amazing. All right. So now I want to talk about the Kajabi webinar pipeline, and I'm going to just briefly cover this right now because the features are still, I feel a little bit limited. So it is not my preferred option, but I wanted to quickly talk about it in case you wanted to go down this pathway. So with Kajabi, if you wanted to use this pipeline, you have to go to the marketing section of your Kajabi dashboard and then click on pipelines, and then there will be a whole bunch of templates for you to select. So if you're uploading a recorded webinar, you would go select the webinar template and then upload the video there. As much as I say that, yes, it's helpful to have this and use Kajabi for it, there are some limitations that you need to be aware of. Like for example, when you set up your pipeline here on the webinar, when someone's watching it, it's quite clear that they're watching a recording. There is no live chat function, so you can't even type in anything. So it can limit that viewer experience. And also there's very limited analytics as well. So you can't look at the specific data of how long people were on the webinar for when they leave. You can't do your offer pop-up at a specific time and say so-and-so bought. There are some little fancy features that EverWebinar offers that Kajabi doesn't quite offer at this stage. And I'm sure that they're going to consistently evolve the platform and improve their webinar feature. So I would say watch this space. I'll come back and do a training on this once they've improved the platform and then take you through how you can do it so you can save some money. But for now, I would still say that EverWebinar is the best option. And I want to share some tips with you when it comes to running Evergreen webinars. So the first thing to note is when you're doing your live webinars or if you were doing a recording, I would say refrain from mentioning the date or time of the day when you're doing your webinar. For example, you don't want to say good morning, everyone. You don't want to say Christmas or anchor it to any kind of special occasion because people who are watching it would know that that isn't a live webinar. So that's just something to be aware of. And then the next thing is you really want to test running your webinars live first. Some people would say kind of just run a recorded webinar. I'm too shy. I'm too stressed about the experience. I'll just run it automated. My advice here would be run your live webinars a couple of times. So if you had your first webinar launch, you had two sessions, what you would do is just pick the best recording and put it on Evergreen. And you want to make sure that you optimize it, that your call to action when you transition to your sales part, you have refined the process. It sounds good to you and your title. It's getting people curious, getting people register. You want to optimize all of those parts first before turning it Evergreen. All right. So that's my key advice here. And then the next thing is looking at promoting every webinar consistently, just like your lead magnet, what you would get people to do on social media. You want to integrate your call out for people to register for your webinar every one or two weeks. And you can alternate that with your lead magnet and your other CTAs as well. And you want to refrain from using the word live webinar because it's not live. You can just say, you know, go and register for my webinar where I discuss X, Y and Z. Okay. And then the other thing that we've noticed that having that just in time option for people to register within the 15 minute of the clock, that actually increases the show up rate for the live session that people will actually come because it's so coincidental. It's so close to when they're on your registration page. So we've found that through our numbers and client numbers, the show up rate for the webinar is around 60 to 70 percent. So that's quite incredible. And if done well, you can look be looking at enrolling at least two to four clients a month into your program in between launches. So when you ask me, is running evergreen webinars worth it? My answer is hell yes, because let's say if you have a client coming in at fifteen hundred each and at the minimum, enroll two clients into your program each month, that's three thousand dollars in revenue. And if you compare that to the investment for signing up for ever webinar, for example, which is around five hundred dollars a year, it's totally worth it. Okay. And if they don't sign up now while they watch evergreen webinar, I can guarantee you it's a great process. They're going to come through in future launches. And that's certainly something that we've seen as well. So the evergreen webinar feature is amazing and a really important strategy to incorporate. Now, the next question I often get asked is, do I still need to run life launches if I have my automated webinar in the background? And my answer is hell yes, because every time you life launch, you create a lot of hype around it. You increase your marketing efforts. More people come across you. You get more visible and there might be bonuses or quick action stuff that you throw in when you life launch as well. So that will help you to enroll a mass of people into your life launch. So what we often find is our life launches will bring in, you know, X percent of people, whereas evergreen will just be a little drip of people coming in in between. It certainly helps to bring in the extra revenue. So, yes, life launches are great. It creates the urgency. It creates that hype and more people will come across your program. So it gives them a reason to buy because there is extra discounts or bonuses that you're offering. OK, so I'm going to talk through the ever webinar walkthrough tutorial in the next lesson, and then I'm going to show you how you can set up your launch calendar to incorporate the evergreen and the life launches in your calendar. So I'll see you over in the next lesson.
