---
Source Program: Momentum Club
File Name: Mod 6.2.mp4
---

All right, welcome. So in this training here, I'm going to take you through how to set up your ever webinar. So as you can see, when you come in here, you can toggle between webinar jam and ever webinar. So what you would do to set up your evergreen webinar is come in here, go to the my webinar section and then go ahead and add a new webinar. So when you're in the first step here, it's going to ask you, do you want to upload an external video file? So that's if you have a recording that you've done and you want to upload that from elsewhere, or you can go and select a previous webinar jam live session that you've run. So I'm going to go ahead and select that and show you as an example how to set this up. So I'm going to pick an accelerator program webinar that I did ages ago, and then I can go and select the date. So I'm going to select the second session there. And then the next step is really cool. So it's going to detect the settings that you've done for that particular webinar and bring it across here. So when you come into this stage of basic settings, then what you have to do, all the images and title was here is you can edit that if you don't like it, or you can keep it exactly the same. And then the webinar language is English. And then you want to, I would suggest keeping your webinar private because you don't want a whole bunch of people who are randoms who are not even dieticians and nutritionists in my situation to register for the webinar. So I want to keep my private, so I'll keep it then only people with the link can register, which is through my social media pages, through my website, and through my lead magnet. Okay. And then the next step is looking at the webinar presenters. So right here, you've got that already set up from the previous live webinar that I've done. If you don't like that, you can change it. Otherwise we'll go ahead with that. And then the next option here is really important. So make sure you pause this if you is getting lost in what I'm saying. So the first part here is you want to turn on the just in time option, like I said, so this one able people to register as they're on there. So I would say it would be the next available session in 15 minutes, 30 minutes, 45 or on the hour. So that will give people the option to jump on whilst they're there. And then let's go back to the top where it says enable instant watch replay. So I don't recommend turning this on because people would just be watching a recording, which kind of defeats the purpose of having an evergreen webinar where you want to simulate that live experience. So you want to turn that off and then allowing late attendance. Also turn that off because you want people to come in and be welcomed in the beginning. So you want to time that. So those two on top is off. You're turning on the just in time. And then the next one there is hiding your nighttime schedules. So obviously it says no one conducts a webinar at two o'clock. So you want to turn off that nighttime. So people, it just seems more real basically. And I like to turn mine on in between nine o'clock at night and eight o'clock. Well, you can do seven o'clock while you can do seven o'clock in the morning. So there are not going to be any times displayed during those times. And bear in mind, people are seeing these times in their time zone. So it's as if at their own time and we don't even have to worry about what time it is over on our end. So it will show these times in their time zone. And then here in terms of display schedule, you want to display the next three immediate available sessions. So you have the just in time and then you're going to have two extra times. So in terms of the two extra times, I would recommend having it. So this way you have to come back on top every day. And I like to do, let's say eight o'clock in the morning. And then you want to add that says the user's time zone. And then, like I said, a second one, which is after work hours. So you can do 7 p.m. if you like. And then again in the user's time zone. So you have two times there. So that means, like I said, people are going to be able to register for just in time in the two time zones that I've selected. And then there won't be any times displayed between 9 p.m. to 7 a.m. So it'll just seem a little bit more realistic. And then here where it says block short term registrants, I would just leave it off because they can register, you know, at short notice and attend within the next five minutes, within the 15 minute off the clock, essentially. OK, and then the next one here is blocking holidays. So you want to block public holidays or major holidays that most people would be busy. So I just block these off again just to make it seem more realistic. And then let's confirm that. And then the next one is your registration page. So again, bear in mind, these have been carried across from your live webinar. So you might want to go customize it and edit that so it just, you know, is more relevant. And in terms of the form fields or again, still be the first name and the email address. It's a free webinar and then no passwords required. OK, I wouldn't go into every single one of them because you would already have learned how to set this up in the live tutorial that I did in the last lesson or last module. And then the next one here is your email gateway. So this is where the emails are getting sent. And this is through the ever webinar for your evergreen webinar. And then you can still set your post webinar emails to go through your email provider like active campaign or webinar jam. It's up to you. And then the next part of this is your notification. So for your pre-webinar emails. So the next part for this is your pre-webinar emails. So I recommend having your pre-webinar emails go through ever webinar. So that's the top one there. And then your post webinar emails can go through your other email marketing platform like ConvertKit or webinar. All right. So the next part of this is your notifications tab. So these are for your pre-webinar email. So I do recommend having them sent through ever webinar. And then the notifications. These have been carried across from the live webinar. And when it comes to evergreen webinar, just remember that people can register within the next 15 minutes or on the day itself. There are two sessions available. So it's unlikely that they're going to need a lot of notifications. So I do recommend turning off the 72 hour one. So they will get an immediate email to say that they're registered. And then you could always send a 24 hours one, which is just to kind of prepare them. And then a 15 minutes one. If it's too much, the minimum would be an immediate one to confirm that they are in. And then a 15 minutes one. And as you see here, the post webinar emails, I have turned that off because I'm doing that through my active campaign platform. You can certainly still have it on here. I don't think there's any issues, but I just like to have everything on my email marketing platform. And that's why I don't do it here. Okay. Now, the next stage is integration. So that's where I integrated with active campaign. And then your third party tracking, you can turn that on if you like. So I just leave that on. And then the thank you page. Again, you're coming in here if you want to edit anything that you've done. So we just go to the default confirmation page. If you want to survey your people, your thank you page design, you can come in here and just make sure you go customize if you want to change anything on there from your live webinar. And the next part here is your live tab. Now, the live tab, again, you've got your account now page design, which you can customize your live room design, which is the look of it on the actual live room and then your live content. So this part is pretty interesting. So my webinar went for an hour, 21 minutes that included your Q&A as well. So it's quite a long webinar and I've added in different pop-ups or different features at different times. So this is where you can go add event and then add in different things. So if you have your offer, which is when you get people to go book or apply for your program, you can pop something up. It's called product offer. Same as what you would have set up on your live webinar. And then you can also have your freebie, which is the file sharing. And there are other options like an add a sticky note, which is kind of like a pin note where people see it immediately when they come in at different points. You can add in polls and things like that. So you can customize this experience to be just like a live webinar. So sometimes people might, so that's where you say, start the, for example, sales page here at the one hour mark, and then we want it to end at the one hour, 21 mark, which is right at the very end. And then sometimes if you want to say so-and-so book a call, so you can always do those little pop up because that can create a little bit of urgency and FOMO. So how you would do it is go here and then go live sale announcement. So you could customize it really. It's really cool. So you could say, Mary purchased, or you could say, booked a strategy call at let's say the one hour and 10 minutes mark after I've announced it. And then you can save and add that in. So it's pretty cool. And it's going to say so-and-so done this. And this, like I said, can create a little bit of FOMO. OK, and then the next one is your live chat box. So this is where you can import your life from your live webinar. OK, so this is where I've enabled live chat so people can pop in comments as they're watching the automated webinar. And these are all the chat that I've imported from a live webinar. You can still add an additional one. So you can see all these are timestamped. All right. And it goes on for pages. So if you want to add in extra names and extra chat, then you can certainly come in at the time point and then what it is. So like I said, it can be super cool if you have a lot of edits that you want to make or if you want to import something where you've written up manually. You can also go ahead and import from CSV. So that's like an Excel spreadsheet file, essentially. OK, so that's it. And then let's see. So then I tend to turn this feature off where it says display number of attendees. I just tend to turn it off so people don't get distracted with the number of people coming in and going. And then the next step is pretty straightforward. Webinar recording, enabled expiration date for the replay. I just put 72 hours. So that's the same as your previous live webinar. Allow users to submit questions. I turn that on so people can type in like as if it's a live session and then any of the comments will be forwarded to me. So I'll put in my email address here. So it will be sent to me to approve. So once I've approved it, it will then pop up on the chat. When someone go watch it in the future, they will see those comments there. And that's it. So I have set up that live webinar. So that's it. So I've set up the automated webinar there where it says just in time every day, 8 a.m. and 7 p.m. And that's my automated webinar there. And if you were to go advertise, that's where you would go. Click on the links and that's the link that you want to use for people to register. You're probably not going to use any of these other ones because it's not a live webinar. All right. So that's it for this training here. Thanks so much for watching and I'll see you in the next lesson.
