---
Source Program: Momentum Club
File Name: Mod 5.4.mp4
---

Hey there, welcome to this lesson here where I'll be taking you through the different webinar systems that are available out there and I'll let you know which one is my top recommendation for you. Now after doing quite a lot of research into the different softwares that are out there and also using a few, I've come to one conclusion and that is that there simply isn't a perfect webinar solution or system out there and what you'll need to end up picking is choosing one that fits best within your budget and also what you need for your business. Now there is one thing that I want to say, you're going to learn shortly that most of these webinar systems are either monthly or yearly subscriptions and they usually work out to be around $800 to $1,000 a year, some of them will start at $500 and I know that this can probably be one of the biggest investments that you're putting into your business right now. I'm going to assume that you're only doing a webinar launch because you've successfully done a founders launch or you've done one so you've gotten some clients and now it will be great to reinvest some of those revenue that you've brought in from your founders launch to growing and scaling your business with webinars and I want you to really future pace and think about what having a webinar system would do for your business. It could mean more consistent flow of clients and because you can repurpose your live webinars into an evergreen webinar system and that's what I'm going to be sharing with you in module 6, you'll be able to bring in clients more consistently on repeat. So I want you to think about what it can do for your business long term and how much it really costs in order for you to cover that cost and regain it back again. So like I said, these webinars round about $500 to $1,000 per year and you really only need one client a year. If nothing goes right and you only get one client a year, you'll be able to recoup that investment back. So it is a great way to really think about what it can do for you long term and the investment that you're putting in now may feel uncomfortable but it's going to really help you to grow and scale your business. Now there's four key webinar platforms out there that I would recommend. So you've got WebinarJam which is my top choice and that's the one that I use for my business and then you've got Zoom Webinar. So it's not the standard Zoom, you actually have to upgrade to the webinar and meetings option and then you've got EasyWebinar or Dimeo. So the bottom two isn't my favourite option, my favourite is number one. Alright, so let's look at some webinar platforms. So there's four key ones that I would recommend. So the first one is WebinarJam, so that's the one that I use and really like and that's the one that I recommend for you guys. So there is a lot of different webinars that you can do. Really like and that's the one that I recommend for you guys. So there is a link right in the description section where you can sign up for $1 to get a 14-day trial of the system and then you've got Zoom Webinar and just want you to note that that isn't the standard Zoom. You really do need to upgrade to the next tier which is the webinar and meetings tier and then you've got EasyWebinar and Dimeo. So like I mentioned, WebinarJam is my preference just because of the wide variety of features and analytics that it has. So for example, you can run as many live webinars as you want during your subscription period, so there's no limit and you will be able to have that live chat feature in your webinar as well. So you can communicate with people who are on your webinar and they can ask you questions so you can engage with them and will allow you to have a replay recording which you can then grab the link to send out to your clients. So my favorite here which is my preference that I recommend for you guys is WebinarJam. So WebinarJam is really cool because it gives you a lot of in-depth data and also it's got a wide variety of features which makes it really easy to set up and for you to use especially if it's the first time you're running a webinar. So one of the things that I really love is that you can run unlimited number of webinars during your time of subscription. So it enables you to run live webinars and you can have the live chat feature to talk to attendees as well and engage them. So that's a really important feature and it also allows you to record your webinar on the WebinarJam cloud and then you can reuse that or even bring it across to EverWebinar later on for your Evergreen webinar. Okay and it's super easy to set up like I mentioned. It gives you really detailed analytics so you can see how many people came to your opt-in page, how many people registered, how many people watched the full webinar, when did they leave, what's the average time and how many people didn't watch or watch the replay. So it gives you all that detailed information which can be really important for you when you go and evaluate your launch. Okay and then the next thing I wanted to mention earlier that I talked about is that all right so you can get started with a dollar trial for 14 days and then if you like it you can then upgrade to the yearly option. So the only thing about WebinarJam is that it doesn't have a monthly subscription option so when you sign up you have to sign up for the whole year which again when you look at the yearly pricing you really only need to get one client to cover for that so it's definitely worthwhile. And for those of you who are getting started you can get started with the $39 a month option which allows you to host up to 100 attendees or if you have a bigger audience you could go for the mid-tier which is the $79 a month for up to 500 attendees. Again this might look like a big investment but in fact it is actually lower compared to the other options out there especially if they have a monthly subscription this is much lower than most of them. Now I wanted to quickly chat about the difference between the starter and the basic option on WebinarJam. So earlier on I would mention about the $39 a month option so it includes all very similar features the only thing that I want you to note is that there is a one hour limit for the webinar so they're never used to restrict this but they've changed the pricing tier so that's the only thing that I don't quite like about it that on the lowest tier there is now a time limit so if you feel like you can limit to the one hour including your Q&A and you will have less than 100 people on there then you can go for the starter tier for those of you who are more budget conscious. All right so the next thing I want to do is just to quickly chat about some of the key differences between the starter and the basic tier of WebinarJam. So on the lowest tier which is the $39 a month tier so I want you to note that you can host up to a maximum of 100 attendees and this is a great option for those of you who are getting started who are quite budget conscious but I do want you to note that there is a limit of one hour for your webinar so you need to make sure that your Q&A and everything is done within the hour mark and this is just one thing that I don't quite like since they've updated their pricing because it never used to have a limit so just bear in mind that that is the only limitation there if you went for the lowest tier. Now they have the basic tier which is essentially their most popular option so this one here is $79 a month so you can host up to 500 attendees so in that way you don't have to worry about whether or not you're going to go over the limit and also it does give you two hours maximum duration so this is really helpful if you have a slightly bigger audience and you want to grow and scale your business. Okay so that's WebinarJam for you and that's something that I do recommend and in the next lesson I'm going to go through a setup tutorial for you to help you know what to use and what things to take note of on the WebinarJam platform. Now I want to quickly talk about ZoomWebinar because this is another great webinar platform to utilize and it's really stable. It does have quite a few things that WebinarJam has but there's also going to be some limits available as well so one of the things I want you to take note of is that on ZoomWebinar the design is quite plain and basic so if you were to use ZoomWebinar which by the way is available on a monthly subscription fee I do recommend that you use your own registration page. Now that is a limitation obviously because it's an extra thing that you got to set up on your website or you could use Kajabi or ConvertKit depending on what you have whereas on WebinarJam it's all on there you've got templates to pick from and it's much much quicker to set up so that's one consideration then like I said there's going to be trade-offs with the different platforms and then you just need to link it up to your email marketing system to send out confirmation and remind their emails and in terms of the replay this is the extra step which again is another thing that you got to create as compared to WebinarJam is that you got to host a replay page on and then here's another thing that you just need to take note of because it's an extra asset to create so that's another cons I suppose if you compared it to WebinarJam. So with your replay video I do recommend hosting it on a replay page so that will be the video and then a button about your program. So here's another thing to take note of if you're using ZoomWebinar because it's an extra asset that you got to create as compared to WebinarJam so you just got to host your replay or your recording on a replay page so that would be done on your website or on Kajabi so it's got your replay video some information about your program and then a CTA button to get people to go apply to work with you so it's an extra thing to set up and like I said WebinarJam it's just a little bit easier and less time consuming to set up. So the pricing for ZoomWebinar it's $111 a month Aussie dollars so I think in the US it's probably around $79 USD and that's for up to 500 attendees so it works out to be $966 per year but most people would just sign up for the month that they're having their webinar and then they will downgrade it. And then next up I've got EasyWebinar and Dimeo here in the same slide and the reason why I do that is because both platforms are fairly similar and because those are two of my lower priority options so I'm going to quickly just cover them here in case you're looking for other options. So EasyWebinar is pretty similar to WebinarJam again in regards to the feature but there's quite a few downfalls so some of the downfall is that the design is really old school it's not as pretty so that's one thing that I don't really like and it also gives you limited statistics as well so you want to collect analytics and and insights into how many people came for your webinar that is a limitation there and it can be quite fiddly to set up. All right so last but not least I want to chat about all right so last but not least I want to chat about webinar. All right so last but not least I want to chat about EasyWebinar and Dimeo. All right so last but not least I want to chat all right so last but not least I want to chat about EasyWebinar and Dimeo. All right so last but not least I want to chat about EasyWebinar and Dimeo so both of them are fairly similar so that's why I've put it here side by side on the same slide and also I want to mention that they are my least favorite options so I only put them here in case you want to have some more options but my top two I've already mentioned before is WebinarJam and ZoomWebinar. Okay so EasyWebinar and Dimeo are both fairly similar to WebinarJam but there's quite a few cons to them so for example here EasyWebinar has quite a poor design so in terms of the looks of it it's not that great it's quite simple and old school and also it gives you very limited statistics as well so if you want to look at evaluating that you can do that but also it gives you very limited statistics as well so if you want to look at evaluating the data look at conversion rates and things there's not a lot of information available to you and the other problem is that it can be quite fiddly and time consuming to set up so I guess the trade-off is that it's cheaper than WebinarJam and it's got a monthly subscription but there are these problems too that you need to be aware of. It's got the pricing tier three options so the first one is $78 a month for less than 100 attendees or if you go up to the next year with 500 attendees that's $129 a month so you can go up to above a thousand dollars it does have a 14 day free trial same as Dimeo as well and I guess if you were to compare these two side by side Dimeo it's going to work out to be much better but the only thing about Dimeo is that there is enough statistics but it's pretty confusing and again not so good compared to WebinarJam. Now Dimeo is $99 a month for up to 150 attendees or it shoots up very quickly to $234 a month for up to 500 so in terms of pricing and feature wise I still highly recommend ZoomWebinar or WebinarJam. So coming up in the next tutorial is I'm going to take you through the setup for WebinarJam and show you what it looks like on the inside so I'll see you over there.
