---
Source Program: Momentum Club
File Name: Mod 4 - Bonus Sales Page.mp4
---

Hey there, welcome to this bonus training here where I'll be taking you through how to create a short form sales page for your founding members launch. Now before I begin, I just want to emphasize that creating a sales page is not an essential step for your founding members launch. But I wanted to share this formula here with you in case you're ahead of time and you want to create an information page for your audience to read through before they apply. And this can be really helpful to give people an idea of what you're offering and determine whether or not this program is for them. So I'm going to take you through in the next few slides what a sales page is and the purpose of it and the elements that you need to include. Now first thing first, you want to take your audience on a journey with your sales page. The purpose of it is to connect with them so they know that you understand them. You want to build trust with them. So that's where you can share about you, your results that you've achieved for your clients and also your credentials as well. And next up, you want to inspire your reader. You want to show them what's possible and cast a vision by showcasing the results that your clients have achieved so far. And most importantly, your sales page should really help you to convert your reader into a client. And there might be a few extra steps in between like having a sales call and different things like that, but it should convert and you would want them to take the action that you intend for them to take. So before we go any further, I just want to remind you to head to the download section to get your founders launch sales page guide. And on there, I'm going to step you through in the next few slides and you'll see on the sales page guide, all the different elements that you need to include. Now before we go any further, I want to remind you to head to the download section to get the sales page guide. Now in this guide, you're going to find the different steps of your sales page. Now before we go any further, I want to remind you to head to the download section to grab your founders launch sales page guide. And on there, I've outlined the different parts of a sales. Now before we go any further, I want to remind you to download the founders launch sales page guide and you'll find this in with. Now before we go any further, I want to remind you to head to the download section and grab your founders launch sales page guide. And on this guide, I've put together all the different sections that you'll need to include on your short form sales page and also some different tips and elements that I've shared with you in there as well. And after the next slide, so I'm going to give you a few moments now to go grab the download and then you can come back. All right. So now that you've got your sales page guide, I want to quickly cover the eight different parts of a short form sales page for your founders launch. All right. Welcome back. So now that you've got your sales page guide in front of you, I'm going to take you through the eight different sections of a short form sales page for your founders launch. So the first section here is to include a grabbing headline. And the next step is to highlight. All right. So the first part here is to include a grabbing headline. So that's what you want to do to make sure that your reader is immediately attracted to what you've got. And I'm going to take you on a little tour on my momentum sales page later on to show you what it would look like on a sales page. Now section two is for you to highlight the problems of your ideal clients. So this is where you really need to understand your ICA, the challenges and frustrations that they face. And you want to list out some of the pain points here. And in section three, that's when you look into the future and you want to showcase some of the results or possibilities that your clients have achieved in the past. You want to know them really well and you want to list out some of the things that your ideal client wants to achieve. All right. So in the first section, all right. So in the first section here, you want to have a grabbing headline. This is all right. So in the first section here, you want to have a grabbing headline. So that's what we call a hook in the marketing world. And I'm going to take you through on a little tour of my momentum sales page later. So you can see what it would look like on a sales page. Now the second section here is to highlight your problem. Now the first section here, you want to include a grabbing headline. So that's where you'll be able to hook your reader in and get them to continue reading. So I'm going to show you my momentum sales page in a minute, and it's going to show you how it would look like. Now the first section here is to include a grabbing headline. So grabbing headline is essentially serving. Now the first section here is to include a grabbing headline, and that would serve to hook your reader in and encourage them to keep reading. And I'm going to show you my momentum sales page in a minute. So you can visualize what a full, all right. So the first section here is to include a grabbing headline. So that would serve to attract and magnetize your reader. So they will want to continue. All right. So the first section here is to include a grabbing headline. So the purpose of this is to hook them in and get your reader to keep reading. So they're all right. So the first section here is to include a grabbing headline, and this serves to hook your reader in and get them to keep reading. So they're interested to know what's coming up next. And the second section here is to, so the first section here is to include a grabbing headline. And the purpose of this is to hook your audience in and to get them to keep reading. And in case you haven't seen a sales page before, I'm going to go through my momentum sales page just to give you an idea of what a full sales page would look like. And I'll explain to you what sections include for your short form sales page. All right. So the first section here is to include a grabbing headline. And the purpose of this is really to hook your reader in. So they'll be interested to keep reading and scroll through the rest of the information that you'll have on your sales page. Now in case you're not familiar with what a sales page looks like, I'm going to show you my momentum sales page in a minute so you can visualize what a finished product would look like. And onto the second section, that is for you to highlight the problems that your ICA faces. And that's when you really need to dig into their pain points, the frustrations and challenges that they face on a daily basis so your ICA, whoever who's reading it would know that you understand them and they were drawn to continue reading. And section three is when you want a future pace and help them to look into the future. You want them to know and see that the outcomes that they personally want to achieve is something that you can help them to achieve as well. And this section here would be really important, especially looking at the work that you've done with your previous clients, some of the outcomes that they've achieved. You want to list them out there and use words that your people, your clients have used and talked to you about in the past. Now section four is when you transition to your offer and introduce your program. And that's when you want to include a mock-up image as well. And in the description section below of this video, I've included a link for you to grab my template so you can easily create mock-up images for your program as well, because this will help your reader to know that there is a lot of value that you're providing with your program and help them to visualize that a product is more tangible. Now section five is when you want to go into your program a little bit more. If you have a roadmap developed, you want to showcase that. If you have different pillars for your program, you can also include that. Now you also want to include here some information about your founder's offer. So what's included in there, like your sessions, your program portal, the support elements that you're going to provide, and you want to outline that briefly. And if you can, put in an offer of value next to it. And of course, any bonuses that you've got to provide as well that's limited time for your founding members, you want to also mention that here. Now section six is optional. And if you're permitted to use testimonials or case studies where you're based, then you can certainly use that. This can be really powerful to showcase the results and your credibility. This can be really powerful. Now section six is where you include testimonials or case studies, depending on where you're based. If this is allowed, then you certainly want to include that because this can be really powerful social proof for your reader to know that you've helped people achieve results in the past. And they can also see themselves being a client of yours, achieving those results too. Now if you're not allowed to use testimonials or case studies, this is where you can tie into introducing yourself and also talking about the results that you've achieved for yourself if you've had the problem as well. Now if you're someone who's experienced issues or conditions that your ideal client has experienced, this is where you want to talk and share about your previous history, what's happened, the journey that you've been on and the results and where you are today, because this will still help to create that relationship and build that trust with your reader as well. And finally, you want to finish off with some FAQs. And this is where you might need to really go back and think about what people have said to you in the past on discovery calls, when you've chatted to people on DM, some of the frequently asked questions. And I also have included in the sales page guide a list of some questions that you can ask as well. Now before we finish and go to the tour of my Momentum sales page, I want to quickly talk about some CTA buttons and wording that you can use. So if you're not familiar, CTA stands for call to action. So this is where you tell people to click a button to go ahead and apply to work with you. Now it's often quite boring to say buy now or apply now. So I'm going to show you some examples on this page here of wording that you can use. So I've got here, I'm in, sign me up. Hell yes, I'm in, apply today instead of apply now, save my spot. Tell me more. I'm ready to find IBS freedom so you can replace that with whatever freedom you can help them to achieve or apply for Kickstarter call. Okay. So this is just a snippet from my sales page there, and I just want to show you how obvious that you need to make this button. So this is where you might want to use a striking color that would stand out. I know for some of you, you've got very similar tones of the color palette in your branding kit. So if you're like, for example, like me, have got lots of pink in my color palette, I have intentionally selected a color that is very different to what my color palette is. And I've actually got a bright pink and a bright yellow slash gold as well here as my CTA button. So this is just a quick tip here to remind you that you want to use a different color. So your CTA button stands out. And for the majority of you, it's to direct people to the application form. So you want to use different wordings that will get them to do it. You want it to stand out and for it to be interesting as well. All right. So right now we're going to head to my momentum sales page where I'm going to take you through and show you some of the different places that I've utilized different CTAs and also showing you the structure for my sales page. All right. So right now you're looking at my momentum club sales page. I'm going to make this public on my website very shortly. So if you want to refer to it, you can go have a look as well when my website is ready. Okay. So the first part here is looking at the. All right. So right now you're looking at my momentum club sales page. Now I'm going to make this public here on my website. So all right. So right now you're looking at my momentum club sales page, and I'm going to make this page public on my website very soon. So you can check in there and have a look. If you want to look back on this example, okay, let's try it again. All right. So right now you're looking at my momentum club sales page. I'm going to publish this page and make it public very soon. So if you want to look at some examples, you can come and look at my example here on my website. Okay. So first up, we're looking at the grabbing headline. So you can see with my page here, I've got build your six figure online business and I will. All right. So right now you're looking at my momentum club sales page. I'm going to make this page public very soon. So you can head on over to my website and have a look at this as a guide example, as you're building your sales page. Now the first part of this is looking at my grabbing headlines. So as you can see here, build your six figure online business is bold, it's big, and that's what will grab my reader in. And then I've got my standout call to action button here as well. Okay. So this is where you go on and talk about your audience pain points. So that section two, where you highlight the problems that they've experienced. Okay. So this is where I've list down in my ideal clients, exact words, the problems or challenges that they're facing. Okay. And then the next part is we're talking about the vision, the future casting. Okay. So this part here is where our future pays and talk about some of the desired dreams and goals of my ideal client. Okay. And that goes on and on. Now I want to emphasize that this is a long form sales page. I haven't got a short form one to show you. So please don't get bogged down by how pretty things look or how extensive my sales page is. Remember that I've had lots of experience with creating these, so, and it normally takes me a little bit of time as well. So I want to make sure that you're aware that you don't have to create something as complicated as this, and you can just keep it really simple for your first round of sales page. Okay. So now that we've talked about the future pacing part, we're going to move on to section four where I start to introduce my offer. So this is where I introduced the momentum club and I've got the mock-up image there. Now earlier on, I said that you could go to the description section and grab the link, which is a Canva template for these mock-up images so you can make it look super professional. And these are just screen grabs from all the different resources that I've got on the program. Okay. So you go on to talk about your program. And then the next part here is talking about the roadmap, the founder's offer and bonuses. So this is where I go on and list all the different inclusions for my program. And I've put a value next to it as well. And if you guys have that, you can put it here as well. And you want to stack up all the inclusions and all the bonuses that they're getting. And then right here, you're telling them what the total value is, which is for my program over $17,000. And then you want to talk about the actual investment, which is way, way less. And I don't recommend that you share the actual price here because you want to make sure that people are not judging your program just by your sales page or what they see. You want to be able to have the opportunity to jump on a sales call with them, to connect with them on a deeper level, and then you can share more about your program here. So don't be afraid to leave that out and just say way, way less. And again, like I've gone through quite a bit of detail on mine. And you certainly don't have to do the same. You can just keep it really simple. All right. And the next section here is talking about the testimonials and the different results that your clients have achieved. Now, you can certainly omit this if you are not allowed to share testimonials. Like I said earlier, you can share your own story and you can ignore this section here where it says, is the program the right fit for you? You don't have to do this right now. And then the next part is you're introducing yourself and talking about your story, your journey to build that connection and relatability with your audience. And then once you've introduced yourself, then I'm going to take you straight to my FAQ section. Now with FAQs, you want to answer some commonly asked questions that you get asked on sales call, objections that you often hear from people. So you want to answer that. So people will be encouraged to apply and you'll answer their questions even before they jump on the call with you. And that can be quite reassuring for them as well. Now in terms of FAQ, it can be a really long section if you have quite a few questions. And like I said earlier, I've included this in your sales page guide as well. So you've got some examples to go by. I've actually made mine as a slider with an arrow. So it goes in between the different FAQs. Now you can build it in a different way, just like what I've shown you on the sales page guide. So you can, um, when people click on it or expand it, and then when they click on the next one, it will expand it. So that can also be another way to display your FAQ. And I just simply like this because my website allows me to create that. Okay. So that's the end of the FAQ section. And that's all I expect you to do for your first round of sales page. And the next one is I want to take you through the Kajabi website on, um, and show you how to build your sales page. If you're using Podia, it's got a very similar feature for you to use as well. And if you're using your website, you can also do that, but I know most of you are going to be using something like Kajabi. So I'm going to show you how to build that. So first thing is you just go straight to your pages website and then go create a new landing page. And they've got heaps of templates here. So that one says sell. So I'll probably use that, recommend that you use that. And then there are so many different examples. I find that the first one is really simple and easy to create. So I'm going to use this one.


Alright, so now that we're in here, I'm just going to take you through a few different features to show you how to build it. Now this is your grabbing headline here, so you can just click on it and then start filling in the text there. Okay, and then you can also change the background photo just by clicking on the hero banner here, and then you can insert your own image if you like. So I'm going to show you what you can do. I'm just going to quickly insert an image here. Let's use this one. There we go. And then you can also change your call to action button here as well. So you can change the text there, just make sure you insert a URL, so where you want them to go. So that would lead to your application form. And then you can also change different things like the button color. So I'm going to use like a yellow color there, and the text color, we can just keep it white. So you can see that it stands out amongst everything else. And then the next step is filling in all the in between parts from section two to section eight. Now, all these parts here, you can easily drag and drop, you can delete them if you don't like them. And you can also add sections. I'm going to show you if you want to add a new section here. Let's call it text, you can just press that. And it's going to pull it all the way to the bottom. So what you want to do is go back to this part here and then pull it up. Okay, so that's where you can add more text. And then if you want to add images, you could do hero with image. Let's do that there. And then if you want to add an image, that's what you can do by coming in here. So something like that, where you can use it as a testimonial. So I like using this two column thing, you can use it as three column if you like, and then click on the page and then drag it all the way up if you want to put it there. Okay, and then what you want to do next is to start adding images to it. So this is where you want to show image of your clients and the results that they've achieved or this way you can showcase different modules in your program if you want to go into that level of depth. But if you just want to keep it really simple, this is where you can showcase the peer list. Okay, so this is just a really quick guide to show you what you can do with it. You can also insert videos as well instead of photos. So if you've got a video testimony from your client that you want to use, I would say try and keep it somewhere between five to eight minutes and just keep it really short. All right, you can even insert a countdown timer right on the top and right in the bottom as well, or even different sections. You just need to go into your events page and create an event so it knows when, what time and date to count down to, and then you can come back here and insert the countdown timer. All right, so that's it for this tutorial here. We're obviously more than happy to review your sales page for you and just make sure you give us enough time of up to five business days to review your sales page. So if you want us to have a look for you, feel free to attach it to your Trello board and then we can go in there and review that for you. And if you have any questions at all, as always, feel free to ask. All right, I'll see you over in the next module.
