---
Source Program: Momentum Club
File Name: Mod 5.8..mp4
---

Hey there, congratulations for completing your webinar launch. Now I want to take this opportunity to congratulate you, Festival, and also say a massive well done for dedicating time and stepping outside of your comfort zone to make this launch happen. It's not something that everyone does, so you have indeed stepped outside of your comfort zone and done something different. And people who are willing to do that are going to see success. And so well done to you. And I want to take this opportunity to also help you step back after this launch to reflect on what went well and what didn't, and look at how we can improve on future launches. And I'm going to help you to learn how to evaluate launches and look at the data objectively. Now it's a big mistake that a lot of people make after launching that they just basically close the chapter and move on. They get really busy with working with their new clients that they forget to step back and look at the numbers. And the numbers don't lie. It's going to give you so much information on what you can do to get better results next time. And that's the whole point. We look at the numbers and we work on improving it for next time. So that's exactly what we're going to be diving into in this lesson here. Now there are two groups of people that I'm speaking to here. In group one, you might be someone who has hit your launch goal, you've enrolled the number of clients that you wanted and you feel really good about yourself. Or you might be in group two where you didn't quite hit your launch goal and you're feeling a little bit disappointed, you feel like your launch has failed or flopped, and you might be beating yourself up right now. And we're often telling ourselves stories when things don't go according to plan that we may not be smart enough, that we may not be savvy enough as business owner, or people are not buying from you because your program is too expensive, or maybe they didn't like you, or you might be thinking my program is not good enough, it's worthless, it's not something people want, I have to tear everything down and redo it again. And quite often when I sit down and talk to clients about their launch results and start to dig a little bit deeper by looking at the numbers, it's when we realize that the stories that they tell themselves are not exactly true. And what I want you to do here is to take a moment using the launch evaluation workbook that you'll find in the download section, is to ask yourself, what are you making the launch results mean about you as a person, as a business owner, and as a clinician? Are we telling ourselves that maybe we're not good enough, all the things that I mentioned earlier. And it's really helpful to try and detach yourself from your results because you as a human being, as a clinician, as a business owner, are not your results. How much money you make, that's not your identity. And I know that it's so easy to get really stuck and trapped in that cycle of being in your business so much that you treat your business like a baby. So all the emotions that you feel on a daily basis, we attach that to our results and how many clients say yes and no to us. And we go through that rollercoaster day in, day out, week in, week out, and we start to get so trapped in it that we start to really blame ourself or tear ourself down because of it. And instead of riding that rollercoaster away from emotions and making decisions based on emotions, I want you to take a step back and look at the data objectively. Think about what happened during the launch, all the different moving parts of it. What went well? What was really effective for conversions? And what didn't go so well? And what were some of the reasons why people say they can't buy right now? Or look at the number of people who registered for your webinar. Was that enough? So we're going to look at the evaluation spreadsheet in this lesson as well. You'll find it in the description section where I'm going to take you through the different steps to input your data and analyze it objectively. And in the next slide, I'm going to also talk about conversion rates, which will really help you to reflect on whether or not you've hit the right goal. Now what's really important here is also to see every single launch, every single sales call, every single opportunity that you have with people in your DMs as a learning opportunity. This is when I always say as a business owner, you want to stay curious. You want to learn and hear from people. And this is where you might look at what's gone well, all the conversations that you had with people in DMs, and really open your ears and eyes to what they say to you. Because in all of those information could lie your answers to what you can improve on for next time to get better conversion rates. So when we look at conversion rates, this is some really important numbers to understand. So in this yellow circle here, we've got your registrants. So that's the number of people who's registered for your webinar. And then the pink circle is how many people actually enrolled and converted to become clients. And your conversion rates can rely on your... So your conversion rates can depend on the pricing of your program. And the lower your pricing is, the more people you convert. But this is not to say you should lower the pricing of your program. I just want you to gain from this activity. So the number of people that you would convert would obviously depend on the pricing of your program. So the higher your prices are, the lesser number of people who would say yes. And that's so normal. So what I don't want you to gain from this is to think that you need to lower the prices of your program. That's not the point. The point here is to know that the conversion rates are going to differ depending on the prices of your program. So we can be more realistic in our numbers and conversion rates here. So if you have a program selling for under $1,000, the conversion rates are typically between 10% to 20%. Now you will get more people say yes, but that's also that you need more people to buy from you to reach your launch goal, right? And then the next one is for any programs priced between 1,000 to 1,500, the conversion rates will reduce to between 5% to 10%. So for most of you doing your first webinar launch, this will be around the pricing that you're selling it at, or you could be slightly higher between 1,500 to $2,000. The conversion rates will be around 3% to 5%. And then for programs that are above $2,000, the conversion rates will drop right down to 1% to 3%. So what this would mean is that you probably then need to get more people registered to hit your launch goal. So what this would mean is that you probably need to get more people on the front end of your funnel registered for your webinar to reach your launch goal. So for example, you have 1,000 people who have registered for your webinar. You might only get, based on this number here, if you're selling a program for over $2,000, between 10 to 30 people enrolled to become clients. And that's absolutely normal as an industry standard online. Now your conversion rates can depend on numerous factors. So there's three key ones that I'm going to share with you today. So the first one is your offer. So what you're selling. The first thing to consider is, is your offer relevant and specific to what your audience wants? Does it answer the questions that they've got? Is that going to help them achieve their goals? And you'll hear this a lot through objections from people on sales calls, when you're on a webinar, depending on the questions that they ask. And then the other thing to think about is, did you communicate the value of your offer clearly? So this is where people might fall into the trap of selling the features of the program. So they're so focused on telling people how long they have access to the program portal for, how many videos they're going to get, how many handouts, how many sessions they're going to have together. These are considered the features of the program, and that's not what would sell. Yes, there are surely important, but what would sell is the transformations and the results you get for people. So it's really helpful to go back and think about how you communicated this to your attendees on the webinar and on the emails that you send to your attendees after the webinar itself. Are we communicating that your program is going to be the vehicle that will get them from where they are right now to the goals and dreams that they desire? Are we helping them to see that by working with you, they're going to get those results much quicker? And the second factor to think about is the mechanism of the launch. So thinking about whether or not the style of launching is effective for you. And most of you are doing webinar launches, and through my years of trial and error, webinar launches are definitely a lot more effective than some of the other methods out there. The second question is, what's the timing of the launch off that you launched? Maybe in December when everyone's starting to slow down, it gets really difficult to sell because everyone's minds are on the holidays. Oh, was it during public holidays? Or if your target market as moms, are they maybe too busy during the school holidays? So that's not a good time to sell. So that's really important to look at the timing of it as well. And then ask yourself, did you showed up consistently during your launch period to promote your program, to talk about your program and sell, to let people know that that's an opportunity to work with you? Did you share urgency and scarcity in there? Okay, so these are the things to consider. Was there any broken links in your sales page or on your webinar? So that's where it's really important to get someone to look through all your launch assets for you to make sure that there is no broken links, that the links are working, it goes to the right places. And it might be really helpful to get a fresh pair of eyes like a friend or peer to look through it for you. And the next question to ask yourself is, did we make it too hard for people to work with you? Are we making them jump through too many hoops to get through to working with you? And that's why my recommendation is to send people straight to your booking link on the webinar instead of sending them through an application form, and then they have to wait to get an email from you. But if the email goes in the spam folder, they might not see it. So there's so many hoops there. And if you're someone who's launching for the first time, you definitely want to make it easy for people to book a call with you. And of course, you still want to qualify these people. And so you want to make sure that the application form, it's in there and they have to fill it out at the same time as booking a call. And if they're not the right fit, you can still reject that call. Okay. And then the last question is, did you address the objections that your audience might have to work with you on your free content, on your stories, on your emails, and on the webinar? These things can be really important and make a huge difference to people taking that next step to apply to work with you. And the last question is to look at the traffic source. Did you actually get enough webinar registrants? Do we just need to maybe get more people to register? Do we need to open up registrations slightly earlier next time instead of 10 days, maybe do 14 days? And maybe your audience is just too small. And so these numbers are to be expected and there's no point in beating yourself up. And the last thing to think about is with their very low attendance rates. So do we need to work on getting more people registered to come live? So remember in the last lessons, I talked about the typical webinar attendance rates. It's around 35%. So you want to try and get as close to that as possible. And if people are not coming, maybe we need to think about getting, putting in more reminders in place or even. So the last part of this is looking at the traffic source. So this is where you might want to ask yourself, are we getting enough people registered for the webinar? And maybe our audience is too small. And that's why these numbers are low. And that's okay, because you're going to continue to grow your list and grow your audience in between launches for next time. Typically, I would say try and get around 50 to 100 people at least registered for your webinar for the first time around. So at least you get enough people on the front end of the funnel to convert. And then the other question is, maybe we need to look at how many people. And the other question to consider is how long do we open up your registration period for your webinar? Is it too short? So maybe next time we need to open up longer for about two weeks out of your webinar to get enough people registered. And the other thing to think about is your attendance rates. So the typical benchmark for webinar registrations is... And the last thing to think about is your attendance rates. So the typical benchmark for live attendance is around 35%. So if you have 100 people registered and only 10 people came, that's 10% attendance rates, which means that obviously there's not going to be as many people who would go through and book a call. So what we need to do here is to, for next time, try and get as many people to come live as possible. Do we maybe need to add more reminder emails? Do we need to tell people on social media to make sure they come so they will get their hands on this freebie that you're offering? So these are the three core mechanisms to think about when it comes to conversion rates. And we just need to make sure that we consider all these questions before the next launch to make sure that we can optimize it for next time. And the last thing I want to share about is the feedback survey. Now the feedback survey is a really important thing that a lot of people don't do post-launches, and it's meant to give you some insightful data into the reasons as to why people didn't buy. So what you want to do is to send out a couple of emails to people who didn't buy. So these are to your webinar registrants who didn't go on to apply for a call, or if they went on to a sales call with you, they didn't convert. So we want to find out the reasons why, because most people would think that it's too expensive, the program prices are too high, so we need to lower it, but it may not always be that. And you should know this by now, that there are so many reasons why people may not buy from you right now. It may be a no right now, but it doesn't mean a no forever. It could be that right now they're struggling with some financial constraints. Maybe they lost a job recently, and so they're tighter with their finances. Maybe they just had a whole bunch of other expenditures with getting medical tests and things done, so they're not quite ready to invest in working with you right yet. Or it could be that the timing isn't right, that they're really busy, they're traveling, or it could be that it's school holidays, and they're so busy with the kids, so they're not in the right frame of mind to start a new program. So these are the people that you want to keep on your hot list, because they could potentially convert another time when you promote it. Or the last reason is, it could be that the program isn't exactly what they want or need. It could be that they want more one-on-one support with you, so you can upsell them into something else. Or it could be too much for them, they didn't want as many one-on-one sessions. So could we offer them or keep them in mind for something else in the future, like perhaps a group program, or a self-paced course, or a smaller resource, so there's opportunities there for you to downsell. So that's all really helpful information that you can send out through your email provider to all these people who registered for your webinar but didn't convert, and that will give you really insightful information to improve on your launches for next time, or to follow up with these leads that you can downsell or upsell something to. Now the last part of this is that I want to remind you to go into the download section to... And once you understand all this information, it'll give you a lot of insight into how you can optimise your launches for future, and also perhaps give you the opportunity to follow up with people to upsell them into something more, or downsell them onto something smaller. So that's it for this lesson and for this module here. Go ahead to the download section to grab your launch evaluation guide and walk through the different parts of the guide on there to help you evaluate your launches. And there's also a feedback survey email template there for you to use, which you can send out to your audience, or people who registered for your webinar. And I would recommend that you send it out within the week of your webinar launch finishing. And then also in the description section, you'll find a link to a spreadsheet which is for your webinar launch analytics. And that will be really helpful information that we can look at together when we evaluate your launch. All right. So that's it. I will see you over in the next module where I'll be chatting about evergreen options for enrolling clients and how you can pop your webinar on a. So that's it for this lesson here. Go ahead to the download section where you'll find the launch evaluation guide so you can work through the questions on there to reflect on your launch. There is also a survey email for you to use as a template to send out to people post launch. And lastly, in the description section, you're going to find the spreadsheet for you to input all your data so we can look at it together to evaluate your launch. That's it for this webinar lesson and launch module here. I will see you over in module six, where we're going to be chatting through options for helping you to enroll clients on an evergreen basis and scaling your business towards the six figures. I'll see you over there.
