---
Source Program: Momentum Club
File Name: Mod 5.5 Supp.mp4
---

So there is another really important point to note when it comes to deciding the date for your webinar, especially if you live in the area where you're affected by daylight savings, or if your target market lives in the area or a country where there is daylight savings. And the point here to note is that you need to make sure your promotional period for your webinar or the webinar date itself doesn't fall too close to when Daylight Savings starts or ends. And that's because if someone has registered for your webinar before Daylight Savings kick in, when Daylight Savings start, WebinarJump actually automatically detects that Daylight Savings has come into place and it changes the time of the webinar, brings it forward. And so it can get really confusing for people and for yourself as well. So the key here is just to make sure that you're not coinciding it too close. You want to make sure that there's way more than enough gap for you to promote it so it doesn't coincide with that period. And then, and the next thing to be aware of is when you copy your link in here. And the next thing to aware of is when you copy the short code. And the next thing to be aware of is when you copy the short codes into the email here itself, you can see that the hyperlink has disappeared. So what you need to simply do to make sure that it is still a clickable link is to highlight that, click on the hyperlink button and then copy that text across here. So it then becomes a hyperlink and when the email gets sent out, people can click on this link to go straight to your webinar.
