---
Source Program: Momentum Club
File Name: Mod 6.3.mp4
---

Alright, so in this lesson here, I'm going to take you through how to cast your vision forward and start planning your launch. So we're going to develop your launch calendar together and start thinking about how often you want to do your live launches. And I'm going to take you through an example or an exercise that I do myself towards the end of each year, thinking about the year ahead. And I know some of you who are watching this, it might be a random time of the year and it's hard to think too far ahead because you are doing everything for the first time you're launching, you're doing evergreen for the first time. So there's still a lot of things that are up in the air. And so don't get so stressed about planning for the whole year ahead. You can simply just do that for six months ahead and break it down into smaller chunks. So by this stage, when you're watching this webinar, you should have done a live launch on Instagram. You should have done a live webinar launch and then you should be looking at your evergreen webinar funnel as well. So I'm going to show you how to map it out and break it down into your launch plans by the quarter. So what I like to do is I'll pull out my calendar for the whole year and I'll start to break it down by the quarter. So each quarter, there's three months. And I do recommend doing a live launch each quarter. So once every three months, it can be a webinar, can just be a live launch on Instagram. It really depends on how warmed up your audience is and how many people you've got on your list. So what I like to suggest is to do a webinar launch sometime towards the end of January or early February. And the reason for that is that in January, people are still kind of coming back from the holiday season or from traveling. They might have a lot of stuff happening socially. So it's quite a busy time of the year and your messaging can get lost during that time. So what I would suggest is doing something towards the end of January or even better early February there. And by that stage, most people would have gone into a routine with their work and personal life. The kids have gone back to school. So it's a lot easier for people to be focused on things like that. So if you have one around February and then we're going to leave it for three months and then have another one in May and then another one in August. And then as we approach the end of the year, that's when you need to start thinking about your revenue as we go into the holiday season. Now often towards the end of the year, especially if you're selling in December, people are going to have the objection of, you know, we're going to Christmas. Things are so busy. We're trying to wrap up for the year and I'm not really thinking of committing to anything right now. So I'll wait to the new year. So this is what most people will be thinking. So what I like to do is to plant my webinar launch around the end of October or early November instead. And that will give us plenty of time to do your discovery calls and to sell without having people bring up too much of that objection of, you know, I'm busy in December. So have a think about it and what would work best for you. But I do recommend around the end of October and early November. And the other thing is also depending how long your program goes for, if it goes for three months, for example, you want to then start doing your webinar launches a little earlier, say early October or mid-October. So then you finish before Christmas because it will be a little tricky if you're having to go through the Christmas New Year season where most people get really busy and they'll drop off. All right. So now that we've got our live launches mapped out, let's look at your evergreen funnel and how that would fit. So let's say if you have developed your evergreen webinar funnel, you're going to then fill up your calendar with these months of running your evergreen webinar. So that can run essentially on in the background all throughout the year until you decide to do a live webinar launch. And I do recommend turning off your evergreen webinar at least two to three weeks before you do a live launch. That will give you and your audience a break between promoting and just going to full nurture phase. So you can certainly run these in between the months of your live webinar launches. And even after you finish a live webinar launch, I do recommend giving it around three to four weeks break before you turn on your evergreen webinars again. Now you might be thinking towards the end of the year, I wouldn't have that many clients. Yes, I do have some recurring payment plans coming in, but what can I do to still bring in some cash injection? And that's when you start thinking, OK, November, it's there is Black Friday happening there. So maybe I can run a Black Friday sale. Now if this is the first time you're doing something like that, where you're doing evergreen webinar launches and there is a lot of stuff to do and you don't have enough time, I don't want you to worry about running a Black Friday sale. But that will be the next thing to layer on to your launch and promotional calendar, having a Black Friday sale. So Black Friday is generally on the, well, it is on the 26th of November. And I like to get in before it gets so noisy on Black Friday itself or the day itself. You're going to see a ton of emails pop into your inbox. So I like to get started a bit earlier, usually on Monday of the Black Friday week, depending on what day it falls on. But that will give me a bit more time to promote and get in before it gets really noisy. And usually with Black Friday, it's things that are cheaper, that are lower priced, that will make it easier to sell. So in the next lesson, I'm going to talk about creating your offer or your product suite and layering on different things to sell at different price points. So that's when I'll start talking a little bit about Black Friday sales as well and the kind of products that you can continue to consider selling to add on an additional revenue stream during that time of the year. So I will leave it here with that, with the Black Friday component. And then come December, people are going to get so busy and they don't want to start now. So what you can do there is to start pre-selling for the new year. So we know every year, businesses would review their pricing and they will increase their price because of inflation or additional experience or something like that. So that would be a really good time in January to raise your prices. So what you could do in December is to start pre-selling and saying to people, prices are going to go up next year. So you're giving your audience a warning or just sort of the heads up that prices are going to go up next year. But if you join now and secure your spot, you can secure it at this year's pricing to start working with me next year. And this can give you a really good revenue boost as well, securing a bunch of people so you can get started with them in January. So what you can do here is to get people to commit and the way to commit is by getting them to sign your contract and also placing a deposit to secure their spot and lock it in at this year's pricing. So typically when you take deposits, I would say around 10 to 20% of your program pricing or you can just fix it at something like $200, $300 or $500. So it's up to you. It really depends on how much your program costs, but taking a deposit like that would create that commitment. So people are not going to back up and it will be a non-refundable deposit as well. So that will give you a little bit of cash injection to pre-sell. We've got lots of clients who's gone through with this method and done really well with pre-selling and then having new clients start when they come back in the new year. So that can be a really exciting end to the year for you. So there you have it. So that's an example of how you can map up your launch calendar. In the attachment, in the downloadable, you're going to find a worksheet where you can work through and start planning out your launches for the year as well. Or like I said, if this is the first time you're doing it, you're not sure what's going to happen, just plan it out six months at a time. So that's it for this lesson here. In the next lesson, we're going to talk about how you can scale your business to six figures with a product suite and the additional offers that you can start thinking about layering on as you grow your business. So that's it for now. I'll see you over in the next lesson.
