---
Source Program: Momentum Club
File Name: Mod 5.3.mp4
---

Welcome back, so in this lesson here, we're going to be looking at how to design your launch offer and ways to make it irresistible. Now, by this stage, you would already have your founders investment outline. And after speaking to people on discovery calls and working with clients, your founders clients, you're going to have some feedback on hand that you're going to put into place and action to improve on your program. And by this stage, you're probably feeling more confident with the management of clients and you're more experienced. So it's time to review your hourly rates and maybe even looking at whether or not you still need those number of sessions that you're using with your current founders clients. Because you might soon realize that you actually don't need that many face to face or one to one sessions. And we can add in other elements of support for your clients based on the feedback they've given you. So what we want to do here is to start to look at ways to optimize your launch offer. So I've put on here an example that I showed you on the fourth. So right now, I want to chat to you about ways of how you can improve your launch offer and pricing. Now, you would have already seen. All right. So right now, I want to chat to you about how to optimize your launch offer and ways to make it more irresistible. Now, you would already have seen this example on module four when I was chatting about how to put together your founding clients. All right. So right now, let's look at how to optimize your launch offer. Now, I've put on here an example that you would have seen on module four when I was talking about how to put together your founding members offer. And on this. OK, so let's look at how to optimize the different elements of your launch offer and make it irresistible. Now, I've put on here an example from my IBS program that I've shown you for module four when you were putting together your founding clients offer. So this is still the same six months IBS program that I'm talking about. And we're going to revisit some of the elements I put in and ways to optimize it. So the first thing first is the program portal. So back then when I was doing the founders offer, I didn't have everything created. But now that it's created, you might want to rethink how long you want to give people access to your program for. So you may have given them longer access back then because you were still creating your online program. When you were enrolling your founding clients. But now that you have it completed, you want to think about what's the duration. So I would generally suggest giving people slightly longer access to what they would have enrolled in the program for. So you could say nine months to 12 months for the portal access. You don't want to give them lifetime access because you have no way of upselling them or they might not even come back to it. And the worst thing is whatever you decide to close your program, then you're going to have to fix a lot of things. I would say 12 months is a really good duration and the value of that is a thousand dollars. And in terms of your face to face or one on one element, you might want to review how many sessions you provide to them. So right here, I've got one 45 minute initial assessment session. And the rate of 240 is also an increase as well because the hourly rate has gone up. And then we had seven 30 minute review sessions previously. And now I've reduced it to five review sessions because we realize that clients didn't need that many sessions because they've done all the learning on the program portal. So that value came up to be six hundred dollars. And then we still had the recipe book and the 14 day meal plan kept in there. And the next element that I added in that was different from my founder's offer was the weekly office hour because I realized that I was spending too much time on my inbox. And I really want to be able to get to clients as soon as possible and not have to go back and forth with emails and spending too much time in there. So I started offering a weekly office hour. So this is the opportunity to book in at the same time each week to pop in for some quick Q&A to get the questions answered or some help with troubleshooting. And I estimated that to be around 10 minutes per person. And if this person booked in for every single week during the six months, that would be around about nine hundred and fifty value. So that was worked off based on what my hourly rate was. And then email support, I kept it at fifty dollars per month. So that was three hundred dollars. So the total value of the program came up to be three thousand two hundred and forty. But that wasn't the amount that I was going to charge them. So I've put on here the usual price they would pay is two thousand eight hundred. So that's round about four fifty a month. But if they join now within the next 48 hour, their investment is eighteen hundred dollars. So they get to save a thousand dollars from the usual price. And then the payment plan is a 10 percent on top of the upfront. So that worked out to be nineteen eighty. And so the payment price was three hundred and thirty a month for six payments. But if they choose to pay upfront, then they'll save eight hundred dollars. So that's a wonderful way to really encourage and entice people to take action instead of sitting on there. Now, you're not forcing anyone to take action. Your quick action bonuses are there as an incentive and reward people who make a decision. Right. They can decide yes or no. You're not forcing them. It's just really to encourage them to make a decision. So that's one thing I want you to remember and bear in mind. And you could also have an additional 48 hour quick action bonus if you like, or even a waitlist special. If you have people who joined your waitlist and you promised them some incentive for being on the waitlist. The things that you can do is maybe offering an additional bonus 30 minute review session, which is valued at 120 based on my rates. Or you could say you could be on the early bird and you'll save two hundred dollars, which is around about sixteen hundred. So that's 10 percent off just by being on the waitlist. And you've got to remember, if you have any additional bonus trainings or people that you've collaborated with, who's done some extra trainings, you can also put them onto the portal as bonuses. So this can include things like having a yoga instructor or meditation specialist, someone to do extra trainings for your clients that might be relevant or even a psychologist or a specialist interview. So it's up to you what you want to include. But these extra bonuses can sweeten the deal and get people to cross the line and come across to work with you. Now, I want to share some tips to help you optimize conversion, because sometimes I'll hear from clients, hey, I'm launching. I'm not really getting the results. What can I do? So I want you to come back and watch this again. If you are going through the same thing during your launch and you need some support. So things that you can throw in to encourage people to take action is to include urgency. So you want to tell people when doors are closing. If we give them forever to make a decision, they're probably going to forget about it and not make any decision. All right. You also want to throw in some scarcity factor and let people know how many spots are available. So you want to be upfront and honest about that. So you could say 10 spots are available. And then as each client join, you can then share in stories that I've got nine spots left, eight spots left, seven spots left. And that can create a bit of FOMO and just encourage people to take action. OK. And the other things that you could throw in to make it even more irresistible, like I said earlier, is things like early bid special. So if people jumped on the waitlist and joined early, they're going to save. Let people know that the price will go up after this launch. If this is what's happening, you want to let them know to join now versus to wait. And you might also offer things like a bonus session when they sign up now. So there are things that you can throw in to really sweeten the deal. And the next thing is future pacing. So you want to get people to think about where they could be in six months if they started now. If they said it's signing up now and work with you, what could it be like for them six months down the track? Would they be much better, have achieved their goals and not be struggling with the current problems that they have? So future pacing is really helpful, especially if you are someone who works, say, in the emotional eating field or gut health or whatsoever. You want people to think about, oh, by Christmas, you know, by next year, what would life look like if they didn't have to struggle with this? OK. And lastly, you want to make sure you follow up with Lees. The fortune is really in the follow up. So anyone that you've had discovery calls with in the past who didn't convert or if you have been chatting to people on your DMs and they haven't applied yet, you could just reach out with a very gentle message and say, hey, you know, how are you doing? If you had a call with someone in the past, but they didn't go ahead, you could say, hey, Mary, I remembered in our conversation three months ago, you mentioned that you are really struggling and you're looking for help. Just wondering how are you going? Have you sought help? Are you feeling better? And then you can open up that conversation and lead into offering them to book a discovery call, apply for your program if they were still looking for help. And because you've spoken to them in the past, you've planted that seed there. So it will make conversion much, much easier. All right. So go ahead to the description section and pull out the investment template outline. All right, so go ahead to the investment outline. All right, so go ahead to the description section and pull out the investment outline template that I've got prepared for you. Now, this is really similar to what you would have seen for your founders launch. But I've made some optimizations to it for your big launch now. So hopefully you. All right. So go ahead to the description section to pull out the investment outline template. Now, this is really similar to what you would have seen for your founders launch, but I've made a few refinements and tweaks. So it's optimized for your full launch right now. Right. So have fun. Happy to review that for you. Once again, you can pop that onto Trello and we'll see you on the next lesson.
