---
Source Program: Momentum Club
File Name: Mod 2.7.mp4
---

All right, welcome to the very last lesson here in module two. Now in this lesson, I'm going to take you through three of the most common obstacles that I see people experience when it comes to creating and launching an online program. And I want you to be well aware of these. So you can set yourself up for the best start and move through from the planning to execution phase and get your program out there so you can make some money and help more people. So let's get started. Now one of the most common obstacles that I see people experience is that they spend far too long in the planning phase and they don't move forward to the execution part of it. And what is really affecting them or slowing them down here is that fear of failure or their need or want to be perfect. Now one of the most common obstacles that I see people experience is that they spend far too long in the planning phase. And it's things like perfectionism or that fear of failure that's crippling them from moving forward and slowing them down so they don't move forward to the execution phase. And when they are stuck there, they feel overwhelmed and that overwhelm leads to inaction. So what I really want you to do here is to shift your mentality and know that your first ever program that you put out there will never be perfect. And that's actual fact, right? There's a very common saying out there that says that if you're not embarrassed by the first version of your program, then you have spent far too long and waited far too long before you launch it. So what I want you to see here is that you need to really put your program out there, get some feedback, and then you can improve on it because... One of the most common obstacles that I see people experience when it comes to their program is that they spend far too long in the planning phase. And when they do that, that slows them down and it's really... So one of the most common obstacle that I see people experience is that they spend far too long in the planning phase. It's really that perfectionism and the fear of failure that's inhibiting them from moving forward. They want to... So one of the most common obstacle that I see people experience is that they spend far too long in the planning phase. It's really that perfectionism and the fear of failure that's holding them back and slowing them down. So they spend far too long planning and that leads to overwhelm, overwhelm leads to inaction. So I want you guys to shift your mentality and know that your first ever program would never be perfect. Perfection really is an illusion and it is so subjective because what is perfect to one person may not be perfect to the next person. So see this first version of your program as a prototype. It's a way for you to put your ideas out there so you can get feedback, you can validate what you're creating and then relaunch it and sell it formally. So this is what I'm going to teach you to do using my beta launch formula in module four so you can put your program out there as soon as the first module is done so you can get paid to create and get that validation from your audience as well. Now the second most common obstacle is I don't have enough experience to create a program and that's really when the imposter voice starts to creep out and you might start to feel self doubt and fear and feel scared about your next step. Now what I want you to understand is that you're stepping out of your comfort zone to do something completely different that you've not done before. So I get that it can be scary and that's when our brain starts to come up with all sorts of excuses and reasons as to why you shouldn't do it and why you can't do it. You may not feel like you're an expert so who are you to create an online course or you might be thinking something like you need to have X number of years of experience and that is really all BS. That is your imposter voice speaking there and it will only be true if you think that it is true. So I want you to understand that this can pop up no matter which stage of the business you're in and you really need to trust yourself, know that you have what it takes to help people, as long as you're a few steps ahead that's what you need to do. So just be committed to what you're doing and keep going even though you may think or if other people say that you can't. And that is really what leads to a successful entrepreneur and a program launch. And the third most common barrier is when you're thinking that someone else is already doing it so why should you and how is it going to be different to attract people. Now I want you to remember that you are you and that is your unique superpower. You want to know that no matter. And the third most common obstacle is that when you're thinking someone else. So the third most common obstacle is when you're thinking that someone is already doing it so why should you be doing it as well and how is your program going to be unique and different. Now the first thing I want to say to that is you are you and that is your own unique superpower. Although you may be teaching the same information and that's all science based evidence based information which is great but you are going to teach it from your own voice from your own angle using your own examples and resources and that's what is going to create that unique experience for your clients. So as long as you are very clear on who you're creating this program for what problems that you're solving and identify your competitive edge which is what's different about you then you're going to be able to draw in your own audience who wants to buy from you who wants to learn from you and people who wants to work with you as well. So just a quick recap of everything that you've learned on this lesson. So we've talked about your program promise and that's really where I want you to get started first. You need to know who you're trying to help and the five part framework of how. So right now I want to give you a quick recap of what you've learned over in this module and where you can get started. So we've covered a lot of ground and the first few. So right now I want to give you a quick recap of everything that you've learned so far so you are clear on how to move forward. So we've covered a lot of ground here in the second module. We've talked about the Ascension model to selling and your product suite and the second lesson we talk about nailing your program promise and this is really the key part and I want you to go back and revisit that five part framework. If you haven't written out your program promise please spend some time to do that before you go any further. And the next step is where we talked about your program framework and then I want you to do that exercise where you start to brainstorm all your ideas of things that you want to include in your program through the sticky note exercise or using Trello. And once you've solidified that go into the signature program framework template and input your program ideas and your content information and then you can use the profitable program workbook to brainstorm ideas of your outcomes and all the different deliverables that goes with it. And then finally we talk about your program name and. All right. All right. So I'm going to give you a quick summary of everything that you've learned here on module two. We've covered a lot of ground and I just want to briefly go through that again. All right. So right now I want to go through quickly and summarize everything that you've learned here on module two. We've covered a lot of ground and in the first lesson we start off with talking about the Ascension model or your product suite for your business with the different levels of program. Now the second lesson it's on nailing your program framework. All right. So I'm going to go through a quick summary of everything that you've learned in module two. We've covered a lot of ground so far and I just want to quickly go through and outline some of the key steps and key actions to take before you move forward so you can be completely clear on what your next steps are. So in the first lesson we talk about the different types of programs that you can create and I covered the Ascension model for selling. And then the second lesson is on nailing your program promise. And this is really key for you to nail before you go any further. So if you haven't done that, please go back and revisit that lesson and work on the five step framework for coming up with your program promise. And once you know who you're creating this program for and what problem it's trying to solve, then go on and brainstorm your ideas using the sticky note exercise or you can use Trello as well, like I mentioned. And then the next part of it is going into the program profitable. And then the next part of it is going into the profitable program workbook when you start to bring down some of your module ideas and lesson content as well. And then you can use the profitable program workbook to work out the lesson content and your module outcomes and also pen down some of the deliverables and support that you can include. And once you've done that, please go into your signature program framework template that I've given you on Google Sheet and start to populate your ideas in there. And then you can send it to us to get some feedback to help you move along. All right. So what I wanted to do here as well is to. All right. And I'd like to give you some idea or guideline on how fast to be spending. All right. And here's some ideas of and here's a guideline of how much time to spend. And here's the guideline on how much time to spend in the planning phase and when you'll be looking at doing your beta launch. Now, I'll be estimate. Now, here's a guideline of how much time to spend in the planning phase and what you would expect moving forward towards your beta launch. So generally, I recommend spending about two weeks planning and refining your program outline and then the next three weeks on creating this light deck for your first module. And within a week, you should have your first module recorded. If you depending how. So right now, I want to give you a rough guide on the timeline for creating your program and what to expect as you move towards your beta launch. So what I generally recommend is spending around two weeks in the planning and refining phase for your program outline. So once you have that done, the next step is moving into creating your modules line. So I recommend spending about three weeks creating the first module for your program and then the next week recording it. Sometimes you may take longer depending on how many lessons you have in there. And then the next part of it is setting up your program portal that will take around one week. And depending on which portal you use, usually on Kajabi, it's pretty straightforward. So it should be done within a week. And then you want to spend one week preparing for your beta launch. And that's thinking about your content strategy for social media, preparing some emails to send out to your email list and also creating a wait list as well. So on here, I've given you some guidelines of when to actually implement certain things. So I want you to go into. So I want you to go into your calendar right now and work backwards. So the whole process here. So I want you to go into your calendar right now and move. So I want you to go into your calendar right now and work backwards. This process here will take approximately eight weeks. So look ahead to the next eight weeks and find a date. And I want you to start penciling some dates in your calendar for your beta launch. And as an estimate, around four weeks prior to your beta launch, that's when I would like you to create your wait list to get interest for your program. And you want to start nurturing your email list and your email list. And you want to start nurturing your email list if you haven't been doing that and send out weekly emails as well to build that know, like and trust factor. And in two weeks prior to your beta launch, that's when I would recommend you start posting more regularly to create hype and get people's attention. So I recommend around five or six times a week leading up to your launch. So that's all for this lesson. To finish off with mentioning that your success is inevitable, your success is going to be inevitable. And I want to wrap up this lesson with letting you know that your success is inevitable. If you believe that you will be successful, you will be and your thoughts and beliefs really creates your reality. So make sure that you're shifting your mindset. If you have any blocks that you want to chat to us about, make sure you raise that so we can help you to move forward. Creating your program is like training for a marathon. It is a long process. And that's why a lot of people start and not finish. But you're different. You're in this program and you have all the support available from us to help you move forward. So if you feel stuck, please do reach out and know that it's absolutely normal to be stuck. And we're here to help you get unstuck. And if you're not feeling uncomfortable already, this is a good time. And I really want to finish off with this quote that your success and I really want to finish off with this quote from my mentor, where it says that your success is inevitable. If you believe that you're going to be successful, you will be because your thoughts and beliefs creates your reality. So if you're in the place right now where your mindset is wavering and you're unsure, you're feeling stuck, make sure that you reach out because a lot of times people will start creating the program and they never get to finish. It's because creating a course is like a marathon. It's a long process. And as much as you need to have the right strategies in place, your mindset is crucial as well. So continue to work on your mindset and commit to this process. And if you're feeling stuck, please don't hesitate to reach out because you have all the support from us to help you to progress and make your success inevitable. And if you are feeling and if you are feeling stuck, please don't hesitate to reach up because we're here to support you on this journey. And if you're feeling stuck, please don't hesitate to reach out because we're all here to support you, to cheer you on as you're running this marathon and we know that you will get there if you commit yourself to getting there. So that's it for this lesson here. Now, the fun. So that's it for this lesson here. Now, the fun part is over to you. Let's start building your program. And in the next module, I'm going to cover some of the technical aspects. So that's it for this module here on planning and the next module, we're going to cover the technical aspects of building up your online program. So make sure you have done your outline, you have started. So that's it for this module here, we have talked all about building out. So that's it for this module here in the next module, we're going to talk about the technical aspects of building your online program. So we're going to talk about editing, uploading, choosing the right portal and. So that's it for this module here in the next lesson, we're going to cover the technical aspects of building your program. So that's where we're going to talk about the different tech equipment that you'll need filming, recording and video editing and even choosing which portal to pop your program on. So make sure you have finished your program outline and you know what you're creating before moving on to the next module. So I'll see you over there shortly.
