---
Source Program: Momentum Club
File Name: Mod 0 Lesson 4 (Portal Tour).mp4
---

All right, welcome to this video. I'm going to take you on an orientation tour of the Momentum Club and show you how to best navigate the portal and find resources that you'll need. So first of all, when you come into the portal, you're going to be met with the welcome video. And on this welcome video, it's eight minute video, which I talk about the program, the framework and how to best get success out of the program. So if you haven't watched this yet, I highly recommend you take the next eight minutes to watch this. And I'm going to show you on the right hand side different things that you can access. So first up on here is our Facebook group community. And if you haven't joined the Mastermind Facebook group yet, make sure you click here and it's going to take you right through to the group. All these images here are clickable. All these images here are clickable, so it's going to take you right through to those places. Now, the Mastermind community is a private Facebook group for all my clients. So this is a place for you to ask questions. You can seek out support or feedback on different things. You can ask for people's opinions. And most importantly, we set goals and celebrate wins on these group on this group as well. And most importantly, we and most importantly, we celebrate wins on this group as well. So make sure you jump in there. All right. And now we're going to look at the office hour. So first of all, we've got office hour that runs weekly on Tuesday at 3 p.m. Australian Western Standard Time. So that's Perth time or Friday, 9 a.m. Bookings are compulsory for these sessions. So make sure you book in at least 12 hours beforehand and find yourself a date that suits you. Now, I do recommend that you come to office hour with your questions prepared because these are quick fire question sessions. Or if you have anything urgent that you want to ask my opinion on, make sure that you come prepared as well. If there's anything that requires more comprehensive feedback or review or resources, then make sure you attach that to Trello and give us more time to review those because these calls go really quick. All right. Next up is the affiliate program. So we do have an affiliate program. If you know a friend who would benefit from our program, be sure to tell them about us and we deeply appreciate that. So we do offer affiliate bonuses as well when you refer a friend. So you just have to click here to apply and that will take you through to our type form. Now, next up, I'm going to show you how to navigate the different lessons on the portal. So the first one that you would click on that is in a video. So you won't see a play button there. So just read through the description and everything that's listed here. And then sometimes you'll see on that section here, that's your download. So these are downloadables that you can save to your computer. So this one here is our roadmap. So you can open it up and look at it. You can print it out if you like as well or just save it to your folder. And then next up, I want to show you on this section here. So that's the let's get to know you section. You'll see on here we've asked you to complete a new client form. So if you haven't completed the intake form, please take this opportunity to do that after this lesson. You'll see that there are some sections here where it's got that blue link. And when you hover over it, it looks like a clickable link. So these are external links. I highly recommend you right click on it and then open link in the new tab. Otherwise, you'll open the link in the same tab and they will just be a little bit troublesome for you to get back onto the portal. So just open that up and that's going to take you right through to the type form so you can complete your intake form there. And then right here, we've got the young test, which is optional. It is a personal personality. And next up, we've got the young test. It is a personality. So next up, we've got the young test. It is a personal. So next up, we've got the young test. This is an optional test. It is great to give me an insight into your personality. So I know and understand how to best support you and coach you on the program. So this takes about 15 minutes to complete. All right. Next up on here is the coaching sessions. So this is where you're going to find information about where to book your private coaching calls. The office hour links here right here again. And I've got all the links to the different group coaching calls. So we'll let you know which group call you're allocated to and then just save it to your calendar as well so you don't miss it. On the right hand side, we've got on the right hand side, we've got the coaching expectations guide. So this talks about what we expect from you as a coachee and what you can expect from us. And then we've also got the coaching session sheet, which you can certainly print out and use each time before you come for your calls and prepare for the calls and then list out your action step after the calls. All right. And I just wanted to quickly mention each time you complete a lesson, make sure you click Marcus complete. So that will enable you to track your own progress. And then the next one here, let's look at using Trello for support. And I'm going to show you how to use the video features on here. So for any lessons with a play button on here, that means that it is a video. So just click on that and that's going to take you through the video. Now, you can, of course, fast forward if you want to. I highly recommend you don't. And then the first one here. Let's start from here. All right, next up, I'm going to show you the Trello tutorial video. So for any lessons with a blue button here, that means that it is a video. So to play it, simply click in the middle of the screen here. Or you can just click on the play button here. So that's the slider there where you can fast forward if you want to. I highly recommend that you don't because you might miss out important information. And then on this side here, that's the volume button. So you can go up or you can go down and slide it across. Next one here is the settings. So this is where you can adjust the speed. So if you find that I'm talking too slow, then you can speed up or you can slow down as well. And then the button here right here is the full screen button. So you can reduce the size or you can maximize it. All right. So that's all for this section. Right. Next up, I'm going to take you through and show you. All right. Next up, I'm going to take you through all the lessons on. All right. Next. All right. Next up, I'm going to take you through the lessons in module one. Just to show you some key areas to look at. So module one, lesson one is just. All right. So I'm going to take you. All right. So I'm going to quickly take you through module one to show you some of the things to look at. So right here in lesson two, you're going to find some links that you can click on. So right here, we've got a link to a camera template. So these are for lead magnets. So I've given you some examples of different images and things that you can use for your lead magnet. Of course, you can pick and choose what style you want. You don't have to use everything. So here's a button for you to use the template. That means when you click on this, it's going to open up on your camera account and then you can save it to your own page. All right. And right here, we've got a whole bunch of different resources that I recommend in my video. Things that you can use that will be really helpful. For example, you've got the recipe and meal planning software here. That's that clean life. And then there's different links to use. Like here's a quiz platform and I recommended interact in video. So you can certainly click on the link here to check it out. Now, I also want to mention full disclosure that some of these are affiliate links. So when you click on it and purchase, that means I'll get a small kickback for it. So I really appreciate that when you do that. And lastly, these are just some additional resources for you. If you want to create fillable PDFs or merge things or compress your handouts. And then, like I said, right here, these are examples and different downloadables that you can find on the program. Some of them have got downloadables. Some don't. So you'll see them on the right hand side. Some of them are PDFs, as you can see from this red button here, and some of them are Microsoft Word. So it just depends on what the resource is. I've given you a lot of different examples and clickable options on here. So we hope to save you some time through all of this. So that's it for this tutorial. Thank you so much for joining me on this tour. I can't wait to see you in the next module.
