---
Source Program: Momentum Club
File Name: Module 3.2.mp4
---

So in this video here, I'm going to talk about some tips for filming and recording your program lessons. So for most of you, I want you to think about getting started simple. You want to reduce the overwhelm and get started so you can have your first version of your program out there. So most of you, you will be just doing a slide deck over using Canva and then using a voice over option as well, which is just audio recording, like what I'm doing here in this lesson. And you may or may not want to turn on your webcam. Now if you're using a webcam, like I said, try and use something that's good quality. So I've got the Logitech C922 webcam. So you can set it to go in the corner and you can shift where you want it to go as well. And that's really the most high quality production I want you guys to focus on right now. If you have got prior experience with video recording and you've got good studio equipment like a DSLR camera as well, by all means, go out a little bit flesher and have it done to a better quality. But what we want to focus on whilst doing this first round of your program is getting your beta product out there so we can get feedback, get some clients going through to validate your program. Then we can go back in six to 12 months time to rerecord or adjust some of the lessons. Now right now, I want to talk about some of the key mistakes that I often see people make when it comes to video recording. So this is not just videos that you're recording for your training or your lessons here. It's also video for Zoom calls, for IG Live or IGTV recording. So one of the key mistakes I see people make is having poor lighting, especially if you're recording at night or if you're recording in the day and it goes between bright and then when the sun's out and then it goes dim when the clouds come in. So just be mindful of having consistent lighting and that's when a ring light or softbox lighting. So right now, I want to address some of the key mistakes that you need to avoid when it comes to video recording. Now what I'm going to share with you here is not only just for video recording for your program, it's also going to apply for any videos that you do, including Zoom calls, Reels or IG Live. So you need to bear this in mind. So the first mistake that I often see people make is poor lighting. Lighting is crucial, like I said, if you're doing any video. So you want to make sure there's a consistent source of lighting. So earlier on in the last lesson, I talked about the softbox light and the ring light. So you want to have either one of those in your house or wherever you're recording so that you can have that consistent light and you can record whether it's daytime or nighttime. And if you do wear glasses, then my key advice here is to try and make sure that you have the anti-glare lens or if you have your lights to try and place them on either side. So that's when a softbox light is really helpful. You put them on either side on the opposite side of you, of course, and put them higher so it doesn't create that direct reflection on the lens there. And the second thing is, if you're recording in front or behind a window, this is what can happen. So if you have the window right behind you, you're going to look super bright and we won't be able to see clearly. And that can be really distracting and straining on the eye for the person on the other side of the camera as well. So I've certainly seen this happen quite a lot when I do Zoom calls with people. If you're sitting right in front of a mirror. So right now I want to cover some of the key mistakes to avoid when it comes to video recording. Now the tips and things that I'm going to share with you, it's going to be really helpful for any kinds of videos that you do. So not just for videos for your program, but when you're doing video calls like Zoom calls or IG Live or Instagram Reels, you want to make sure that you remember all these rules in mind. So the first one, or the first key mistake, so the first key mistake that I often see people make is poor lighting. So if you're doing any form of recording at night, you want to make sure that you have some consistent lighting where it can help to brighten up your face and we can see it clearly. So that's when a softbox light or a ring light can be really helpful to brighten you up so it doesn't matter whether it's day or night and we can still see you clearly. Now if you wear glasses, you want to really bear this in mind and be really clear about how you look on the other side of the lens. Now if you have something right in front of you, like a computer, you're going to see all these reflection here. So what can be helpful is getting anti-glare lenses on your glasses, or the other option is to put your lights on either side. So that's when a softbox light can come in really helpful. Be on the other side opposite you and bring it all the way up so it's shining down. So it brightens up your face and we can't see the direct reflection of the lighting on your glasses. So that's one thing to consider. Now if you're relying on natural light, which is often the best, then you want to make sure where you are in front of the camera. If you have the window right behind you, this is what's going to happen. It's going to be so bright and it would distort the lighting on the lens and we're not going to be able to see you very clearly. So that's no good. You want to make sure that instead of having your back to the window, you want to have your front face. So instead of having your back to the window, which is no good, you want to be facing the window to give you that natural lighting and that looks beautiful. Now the next thing to be mindful of is when you're recording at night, if you're standing right in front of the wall, you're going to be able to see shadows here. So what I would suggest is moving away from the wall, but close to the ring light, like I mentioned before, so then you can get that good lighting on your face, but not see all these reflection there. Now the next thing to be aware of is if you're recording at night and you're standing in front of a wall, that's what's going to happen. We're going to be able to see a shadow of you on the wall and that's not so good. So what I would recommend is to stand further away from the wall, but still have the ring light in front of you so we can see your face quite clearly, your body clearly, but not see that reflection on the back. The next mistake to avoid is bad angle. So I often see this, especially for people who use a laptop. Now we often have a laptop sitting right on the table and we're looking down and that's not so good. So what you want to make sure is if you're using a laptop for recording is to prop it up using a stand, or if you want to do, you can use boxes or books to prop it up so it's at eye level. And some of the other key mistakes to avoid is having messy or noisy background. If you have lots of things in the background that can be really distracting, try and move to another spot or use something like a screen to block it out. And the next thing is smiling at a camera. Now imagine yourself talking to someone on the other side of the camera and you want to be friendly. You want to have good facial expressions. So definitely keep those in mind. And of course, you're not going to be talking on a monotonous voice because that's going to be so uninteresting for the other person. So that's when you want to have some facial expressions and be as if you're talking to someone on the other side. So that gets you excited. And the next thing is not rambling or not over scripting on the other end of the spectrum. So you want to be as if you're holding a conversation with another person, but keeping your point succinct. So that's often when I have little dot points like these on the slide, or I have little notes that I've written on my Canva. So as I'm going through these slides, I'm also referring to my dot points to make sure I've covered everything. And lastly, the key mistake that a lot of people don't think about is their clothing. So things like having lines on your shirt or sequins or lots of big, bold patterns and colors can be really distracting on camera. As you can see with these lines, they can look really distorted. So what I would often suggest is wearing clothing with a solid color. If you can, it doesn't matter what color it is, as long as it's a solid color or you might have small, very tiny little patterns that isn't very distracting. And finally, I want to end with some tips with your position. And finally, I want to end with some tips regarding positioning. So the most important part to consider, as you can see in this video, is my camera is right on the eye level. So I'm speaking directly at the lens. I'm not looking up or looking down. So that can make a key difference to the viewer. And the other thing to consider is lighting. So lastly, I just want to summarize this with a picture in regards to positioning. So you want to make sure that besides having really good lighting and having good sound, you want to be looking directly at the camera. So I've positioned my camera to be directly at eye level. So it looks like as if I'm talking to you in person, right in the eye. And that can make a huge difference to the quality of your video as well. And just be very mindful to be smiling all throughout, like as if you're having a real conversation with someone on the other side. Alrighty, so that's all for this lesson here. In the next lesson, I'm going to talk about how to choose your online program portal and which one would be best for you. I'll see you in the next lesson.
