---
Source Program: Momentum Club
File Name: Module 1.2.mp4
---

Welcome back. Now that you know why you need to create a lead magnet in this lesson here, welcome back. Now that you know why you need to create a lead magnet in this lesson here, I'm going to take you through the what and the how to, to create your profit driven lead magnet. And if this is the first time that you're creating a lead magnet, I know from experience that it can feel like a mammoth task and it can be so easy to spend months on creating it. So my job here is to help you take it from vision to reality as quickly as possible so that you can put your lead magnet out there and use it as a tool to generate more leads into your business without any delay or procrastination. One of the most common mistake that I see people make when it comes to creating a lead magnet is they do it backwards. So they create the lead magnet, put it out there in the world, and then realize that no one wants to download it and they hear crickets. So to prevent that from happening, I want you to ask your audience and pull them before you put the time and energy into creating it. So what I mean by that is I want you to ask your audience. You want to validate your ideas and make sure that's exactly what they're after before you spend time on creating it. So I've put up a script here on the screen for you to use, which you can post on your Instagram stories or even on your feed posts as well to validate your idea. So here's an example of what you can say. So many of you have been asking me about what, so this could be maybe some common resources they're asking or questions that they've been sending to you. Time and time again, I've seen so many people make the mistake of, so here's where you list your mistake, and continue to stay stuck. So I'm thinking of putting together a freebie, so you can call your freebie or put in some ideas in there to help people like you. So this is where you can put your result or the outcome at no extra cost. Would this be of interest to you? If so, send me a DM so you can open up a conversation here in the DMs with them about what they're looking for. Alternatively, you can also use engagement stickers as well, and these work really well. So you can use things like the poll sticker, the quiz sticker, or even the emoji slider as well, so you can get people to quickly tap and give you their validation and to help you to understand if you're on the right track. There's so many different types of lead magnets out there, so I've put that on the screen here for you. In this lesson, I'm going to focus on the top five lead magnets on this list because these are probably the most effective for you, and if you're in the beginning stage, and this is the first lead magnet that you're creating, so I'm going to recommend that you stick with the top three, which is a cheat sheet or a checklist, a workbook or a guide, or a meal plan or recipe book, because these are the easiest and quickest to put together. And if you're someone who's a little bit more advanced in your journey and you have done lead magnets previously, you could consider quizzes or challenges, or if you're super advanced, you could also look at putting things out like a three-part video training, so these are pre-recorded, or a mini course, which is like the first module of your course as a sample or trial, but I think most of you aren't at the stage yet. So these are just some ideas to start with, and I'm going to go through the top three in more detail later. And at this point, you might be thinking, how do I pick the right lead magnet for my business? I've put up on the screen here five key questions that you need to ask yourself before you go on and create anything. And the first question is, who? Who is this lead magnet for? It's really important to have this clear mind before you go on to start creating it. And the second one is what? What is your ideal client's biggest problems or frustrations that they're facing? By this stage, you should have a really good idea of what are some of the pain points or key challenges. And the third question is, what is your ideal client's desired outcomes or goals? Where do they want to get to? How do they want to feel? And when you have those clearly in mind, then you can go on to formulate some strategies or action steps for them to achieve some quick wins. And that's question number four there. You want to give them a taste of success. You want to give them a taste of what it feels like to be living without the key problems or frustrations they're facing so it wows them. And when they can get a result from your freebie, their minds are going to be blown and they're going to wonder how much more they can achieve with your help as a paying client. And the fifth question is the end point. You need to ask yourself, what is the ultimate goal of my lead magnet? What action do I want them to take from completing my lead magnet? And some of the key goals or outcomes of lead magnet could be you want someone to book a free call with you. You want them to apply for your program or join the wait list for your next program opening, or it could be for them to go and register for your webinar or something like that. So it's really important to understand what is the end point so you can design your lead magnet to lead that person towards that desired outcome. And a really good lead magnet should achieve the following for your ideal clients. A, it should raise their awareness of the problem that they're facing right now. And the second thing is it should be relevant to the outcome that they want to achieve. And you should be using their own words so that they feel you're speaking to them. And the third thing is helping them to recognize the consequences of staying stuck where they are right now and what's going to happen if they continue on the same trajectory. And the fourth point is to widen the gap of the problem for them, because right here, you want to create that urgency for them to take action. And the fifth thing is to help them to achieve a quick win. Like I said, you want to give them a taste of what it feels like to achieve success, to find relief, to feel better. So then they want more and they'll be more likely to take that next step because they're hungry for more. And one of the key problems that I didn't mention earlier is that lead magnets can be... And one of the key problems that I didn't mention earlier... And one of the key problems that I've noticed when it comes to lead magnet is people tend to either under-deliver or they over-deliver. So they can either give too little value or they give too much information that it creates overwhelm for that person. So you need to be really mindful of the amount of information you give out so it gives them a taste, but it doesn't give them the whole meal. Because if the entree is too filling here in the first step, they're not going to want any more mains or desserts. So you want to keep it small, bite size, and it gives them some results so they want more. So hopefully it gives you a perspective of how to get started here. And I'm going to cover the top five types of freebie here. And like I said earlier, if you're someone who's starting out, the first three lead magnets are going to be the most relevant and what I recommend for you to get started with. So freebie number one is either a cheat sheet or a checklist. These are really short form resources that you can give out and it needs to be short and to the point so the person can easily skim through it. And in there, you want to give them an overview of strategies and be really brief and refrain from going too deep there. And you want to substantiate those with some examples and maybe even perhaps giving them one or two quick wins. So I've listed here some ideas that could inspire you to think about what you can create. So if you're an IBS dietician or in the gut health space, you could talk about IBS flare-up and put together some points for them for managing flare-ups in a cheat sheet. Or if you work with parents with little babies, you could be talking about solids introduction and giving them a printable PDF that they can put on the fridge because we know that parents are really busy so you want to create something that's short, sweet, and to the point for them. Or if you work in the fertility or prenatal space, you could be giving them a prenatal supplement checklist. Or in the PCOS space, you could give them a hormone balancing cheat sheet as well. Okay, so these are some simple resources that you can get started with. The second one is my favorite. So that is either a workbook or an e-guide. And this is a little bit more comprehensive so it can take you more time to create. But it is one of my favorite because it gets the person who's working through your resource to put some time and take action. So right now I'm going to cover the top five types of freebies that you can create. And like I mentioned earlier, if this is the first time that you're creating a lead magnet, I highly recommend you stick to the top three because they're the quickest and easiest to put out. So the first freebie here is a cheat sheet or a checklist. And these are super simple and very short and quick for you to put together. And it needs to be very easy to skim through as well. And in cheat sheets or checklists that you may typically see or download, they usually provide you with a very brief summary of the key strategies and it doesn't go deep at all. All right, it may give you some examples and you basically may tick or circle certain things that you may already have done or you need to do. So it would need to be very succinct and short and give that person one or two quick wins to achieve. And here I've listed some examples of different types of cheat sheets or checklists that you can create depending on niche area. So if you're in the IBS or gut health niche, you could do a flare-up cheat sheet that gives them some overview strategies of what they can do when they're going through acute flare-ups. Or if you are working with parents, with young toddlers and introducing them to solids. So here I've given you some examples of what you can create depending on your niche. So if you're an IBS dietician or in gut health space, you might want to create a flare-up cheat sheet. So you might give them some overview of strategies that they can implement when they're going through flare-ups. Or if you're working with parents with young babies who are looking at introduction to solids, because you're so time poor, you might want to put together an introduction food list or just some examples that they can print off and stick it on the fridge. Or if you're in the pregnancy, fertility or the prenatal space, you might want to create a supplement checklist. Or if you're in the PCOS field, you might do a hormone balancing cheat sheet. So as you can see, these are all very simple resources that you can quickly put together. My favorite one to create is a workbook or an e-guide. There are a lot more comprehensive, so it may take you a bit more time to put together. But what I love about this kind of resources is that you can put in sections for that person to fill in. So what you're doing here is that you're getting them to receive the information that you're teaching them and you get them to action that. So you might have a section for them to fill in some of the action points or tick some things. And you're getting them to engage in your lead magnet. And by doing so, they're more likely to achieve results. And because they're a longer form of resource as well, they're going to have a higher perceived value. So they feel like they're getting something really comprehensive. And here I've given you some examples of what you can create. So again, if you're in the, let's say in the vegan meal planning space, you might put together a guide that shows them what they need to do and then get them to plan their own meals for three days, for example, based on the information that you created. Or if you're in the celiac space, you might do a gluten-free starter kit. So giving them some brief information of what they need to take note of being newly diagnosed with celiac disease, and then getting them to start filling in some sections. And you might even get them to develop a shopping list as well. Or if you're working with picky eaters, you could give parents a seven step guide or some steps to implement to get their toddlers to engage in fun activities, so they start to develop a better relationship with food. Or if you're in the IBS field, you may do a mistakes resource. So you might be five key mistakes to avoid for IBS. So on there, you might tell them what the mistakes are, why is that a problem and what they can do to avoid those mistakes. So it's a lot more comprehensive, and as you can see, it does get them to put some time into actioning what you've told them to do, and it gets them results. The third type of resource is a really popular one in the nutrition space. So that could be a meal plan or recipe ebook. It can be really quick to put together. Now, I know some of you might be thinking you don't love cooking, or you may not have a recipe database, so you don't know what to put in there. And that's where meal planning software has come in really handy. So I've personally used something called That Clean Life myself. It's an online meal planning tool, and a lot of nutritionists and dietitians use it. And I've put a little screenshot of something that I've created in the past using That Clean Life. And as you can see, it looks super professional. And it looks like I've taken those pictures myself, but it's really just from That Clean Life. And they make it so easy for you to put together a meal plan or recipe ebook, so I love that. Now, there's, of course, a lot of other platforms that you can use as well, like Nutrium, there's Eat by Design, Eat Love Pro, or Meal Garden. They're all subscription-based softwares, so you can use it, and by paying for the subscription, you're paying for that license to use it. So you are free to use it and give it out to clients without needing to credit them. And when you're creating a meal plan or recipe ebook, I would suggest to keep it short rather than giving them everything. Again, you want to give them the entree, not the main meal, all right, so keep it to seven days max. I've given you some ideas here, there's things that you can create for main meals, you could create a seasonal guide, like a winter recipe meal plan, whatever it is, just to get people started and give them a taste of what are some of the things that they can do based on your recommendation, and it just gets them inspired to take action. So the fourth type of freebie here is a quiz. Who doesn't love a good quiz? A quiz can be super fun for the user to engage in, and it can be really quick for them to complete as well. And when they complete it, they're more likely to want to take action towards the next step. Now, a quiz can be a little bit more time-consuming to create and put together because you do need to create your questions and make it more strategic, you need to compile different results based on the scores of what they come up with, and then give them some recommendations for the next step. So for this reason, I do recommend that you don't use quizzes as your lead magnet if this is your first gig, you know, try and keep it simple. Once you've created a few lead magnets and you have more time available, then you can go on to create something like quizzes to get in a fun way to attract new audiences. And there is a platform called Interact that you can use to create your quizzes. They are specialists in quizzes, and I'll put in my link below in the description section so you can check it out and see if you like it. And there are, of course, like different ideas that I've put together here. If you're in the gut health space, you could do a gut health quiz. If you're in the diabetes space, you could do a risk calculator or a fertility score calculator. And just bear in mind that your job here is to not to diagnose a medical condition. So make sure that you're very careful about the wording that you use, and it's not to diagnose, but it's just to give them an insight into their problem. So then they can seek out more professional or medical help if they are unsure. And lastly, this fifth freebie here is a challenge. A challenge is so popular in the online space at the moment, and a lot of people use it as a way to launch. Now I'm not going to recommend that you look at challenges as your first freebie or lead magnet, but nonetheless, when you get there, a challenge is super fun and engaging for your audience, and it can create that community feel as well because everyone gets to participate in your challenge at the same time. And if you want to know, the ideal lengths for a challenge can go somewhere between five to seven days. I definitely recommend you don't go for 30 days or anything longer because it really doesn't get your client's results within that short term frame, and a lot of people do tend to drop off halfway as well, so keep it short. And what a challenge would look like is you may have prerecorded videos or even live videos that you do put out every single day, so it gives them daily prompts to take an action so they achieve a small win every single day, and so at the end, they get to the end point and that's when you start selling or start getting them to take that next step. With challenges, you want to offer some sort of incentive to encourage people to participate, so there might be prizes involved for maybe coming for all five days of the challenge and getting to the end, and of course, you want to have some community support element as well, and that's where the Facebook group can be really helpful. One of the cons is that challenges are a lot more time-consuming to organize and put together because you do need to plan that really well and have emails in place and have a runway to get people to register, to create that awareness, and to create that engagement as well. Okay, so I've put in here a couple of ideas for you, so if you're in a gut health space, you could do a seven-day gut detox challenge or gut cleanse challenge, or if you're in the intuitive eating space, it could be like a five-day mindful eater challenge to get people to start thinking about the way that they eat. All right, so there you have it, I've got the five different types of freebies that you can create, and like I said earlier, if you're brand new to this, just stick with the top three, don't overcomplicate things. So the ball is over on your court now, I want you to take some action, go to the download section and print off the PDF that says Creating Your Profit-Driven Lead Magnet. So it's a workbook and I want you to complete the first part of the workbook. What I would encourage you to do is to take the next 20 to 30 minutes to start brainstorming the different ideas of what you would like to put together, and then once you've got those ideas in place, go and poll your audience and ask them. If you feel stuck, don't hesitate to reach out and ask me or the support coaches on the team and we're more than happy to help you to move through that.


See you very soon over in the next lesson.
