---
Source Program: Momentum Club
File Name: Module 3.3.mp4
---

Welcome back. So in this lesson here, I'm going to share with you how you can choose the right online portal for your program. Now, I do want to remind you that you will only really need to start signing up for an online portal. Once you're close to having the first module done in your program and you're ready to start taking on a few beta clients. So most of my clients will find that they'll take a couple of weeks to get their portal ready for the beta launch. So there's no need to rush into getting one right now if you haven't started recording. Now, I know some of you might already be aware of the reasons why an online portal is beneficial for your program. But I'll just quickly go through that again to reinforce some of the benefits. Now, first of all, having an online portal with your resources and training videos gives your clients access to the right and evidence based information 24 7. They have the ability and the convenience to log on to the portal whenever it suits them. So it's not just reliant on their time with you to learn the information that they need to know. And it gives you the ability to step your clients through step by step on your program through what you would normally teach your clients in person anyway. So it allows that structured learning and gives your clients the ability to retain the knowledge a lot better than they would if you were to rush through the information within a 20, 30 minute session with them in person. And having the online portal really helps to reduce your client facing hours. So you don't need to spend as long or as much time over the course of working with the client. And this really allows you to work smarter to help more people and create a better impact in their lives without burning yourselves out. And the most important and helpful part of this is it allows you not only to host your videos on the platform, but for you to upload any PDFs or handouts or any information and resources that's helpful for your clients to support them in their learning within the platform. So you're not needing to send it over emails or over different platforms, which can sometimes get lost. And lastly, some online portals do allow you to create and integrate self-assessment quizzes in there. So this is super helpful if you are creating a self-paced course later on and allows you to put in questions and quizzes to get your clients to test their own knowledge. And this is super helpful to reinforce the learning and make sure that they're absorbing and implementing the information correctly. Now, I know a lot of you would have 101 questions about which platform to choose and what's best for you. So I've listed a whole bunch of different options on the slide, but you certainly don't have to go weave through it and find the pros and cons of each one because I've done it for you. And I'm going to share with you in the next few slides what is going to be the best for you in your nutrition. Now, I'm sure you're going to have 101 questions in your head about which platform is going to suit you and your business. Now, I've done a lot of research for you and me and my team have looked through the different platforms available out there, and I've just listed some of the most common. Now, I'm sure you would have 101 questions about which platforms to choose. Now, I'm sure you're going to have a lot of questions about which platform to choose for your online nutrition business. Now, me and my team have scoured the Internet and look at all the different courses and platforms. Now, I'm sure you would have a bunch of questions about which platform is going to suit you and your business best. Now, my team and I have scoured the Internet and looked at some of the most common e-learning platforms out there that houses digital courses. So we've looked at some of the pros and cons and come up with a couple that will really suit nutrition businesses. And I've used a few of them myself as well. So there is a free one out there called Member Vault and this is a free one that you can download. If you're looking for a free one, you can use the link below in the description. And if you're looking for a free one, you can use the link below in the description. Now, there is Teachable, which is very common and popular as well. And Udemy, I highly recommend you don't use Udemy because you have no control over it. Now, I'm sure you will have a ton of questions about which platform to choose and what's best for your business. So my team and I have looked at some of the most common e-learning platforms out there that houses digital courses. And we've looked at some of the most common e-learning platforms out there that houses digital courses. And we've looked at some of the most common e-learning platforms out there that houses digital courses. So my team and I have gone through and scoured the Internet to look at some of the most popular digital course platforms out there. So we have looked at. So I'm sure you would have a lot of questions about which platforms to choose for your online business. So my team and I have scoured the Internet and looked at all the e-learning platforms out there and we've picked some of the most popular ones. And I've also put in bold Podia and Kajabi, which are the two that we recommend. And these are great for online nutrition programs. Now, I'm going to go through a few with you quickly on this slide. So we've got right on top here, Member Vault, and that's a free platform. It's really helpful when you're getting started. Now, there are, of course, a lot of limitations to it being a free platform, but it's a good one to get started with. And you just need to hook it up with YouTube Private or Vimeo to host the video. So it's just purely a course platform doesn't have this video and you have to connect Vimeo or YouTube Private. Now, the second option on there is Teachable. Teachable is really popular. You simply get charged a percentage of the sale when someone signs up for your program. And it's OK when you're getting started. But as you enroll more clients, the percentage is going to eat a lot into your fees. And I honestly don't recommend that to start with. And there is another one which is similar called Udemy. Now, I highly, highly recommend that you don't go for Udemy at all because they do like to slash their prices and run sales whenever it suits them. And you have no control as a course creator over the pricing element. So I highly recommend please don't use it. And next one on the list is Podia. So I'm going to cover that in the next few slides. And then there's Tinkerfic as well, which is very similar to Podia. And then there's Katra and Kajabi is next on the list. And that's the one that we use. So you would have been going through the course platform and have a really good understanding of the experience. And then we have LearnDash, which is something that you can connect with WordPress as well. It is a little bit more complex to use and I certainly don't recommend that when you're getting started. And last but not least, we've got ClickFunnels, which is again another amazing platform. But it's probably not going to be suitable for you if this is your first few courses and you're just getting started online. And last but not least, we've got ClickFunnels. Now ClickFunnels is another amazing e-learning platform. And last but not least, we've got ClickFunnels. Now ClickFunnels is an amazing digital course platform. There is some really cool and complex stuff that you can do with it. But I certainly recommend that you don't use it if you're getting started because it is a little bit more complex and it's also higher priced as well. Now when you're choosing your online course platform. Now there's a few key considerations when you're choosing a platform. First of all, the most important factor is that it needs to house the online videos and handouts. It's a bonus if it can have that assessment or quiz. All right, so this now there's a few key considerations when you're choosing your online platform. First of all, most important. So there's a few key considerations when choosing your online platform. Most importantly, it needs to house your online videos and handouts. And it will be a bonus if it has an assessment or quiz feature as well. And I think for most of you, you want to find something that's reasonably priced. There are course platforms that start at $29 a month. Some are free. Some can go up to $200 a month. So that's what ClickFunnels costs. So there is a huge range and you're never really going to find one that's perfect. So you're just going to find one that's priced well, that suits what you need. It's user friendly. And the most helpful feature that it can have is that it would have the ability. Now, some of the key considerations. Now, when you're choosing an online platform, you want to consider these key things. So most importantly, it needs to be able to house your online videos and your handouts. That's a no bug. So when it comes to choosing the right online platform for you, it needs to. So when it comes to choosing an online platform, you're never going to find any something that. So when it comes to choosing an online platform for you, there's not really going to be a platform that takes all the boxes for you. They're all going to have their own pros and cons. And what you need to consider is, first of all, it needs to house your videos and handouts. You can't. So when it comes to choosing your online platform, there are going to. So because there's so many online platforms out there, each of them are going to have their own pros and cons. And you're never really going to find one that takes all the boxes for you. What you really need to consider is what suits you at this point of your business and what's reasonably priced for you. So most importantly, you need to have the ability for you to put all your videos and handouts in there. And it's a bonus if it does have the ability for you to integrate quizzes or assessment. And also, you want to find something that's intuitive and user friendly for you. Another big bonus is that if it's mobile friendly, your clients can access your lessons on the go. That will be fantastic. Now, there is another key feature here that is really important, is that some platforms which are free, like Teachable, they may not charge you to house your platform there. But. I'm going to take up the slide. All right. All right. So first of all, let's look at Podia. Podia is probably one of the most affordable and comprehensive platform out there. No, that's not true. All right. First of all, let's look at Podia. All right. First of all, let's look at Podia. Podia is a great way for you get. All right. So first of all, let's look at Podia. Now, Podia is a great one for you to get started with if you're creating your first online course because of the cost. So it starts at thirty nine dollars a plan a month. Now, first of all, let's look at Podia. Now, Podia is a great way for you to get started if it's your first online course. And it's also super affordable as well, because it starts at thirty nine dollars a month and you can go up with the different tiers as you grow your business. Now, it is an all in one platform. It's super easy to use and it's very low cost, which allows you to host different options on. All right. So first of all, let's look at Podia. Now, Podia is a really good way to get started if it's your first course and you are just. Now, first of all, let's talk. Now, first of all, let's talk about Podia. Podia is really a great way for you to get started if you're creating your first online course. So first of all, let's look at Podia. So Podia is a great way for you to get started if you're in your first. All right, so let's look at Podia now. Podia is a great way for you to get started if you're creating your first online course. All right, so let's look at Podia. Now, Podia is a really good option for you to get started if it's your first course online because of the affordability. So the plan for Podia starts at thirty nine dollars a month and it goes up in pricing as you increase the number of courses that you host. All right, so first of all, let's look at Podia. Now, Podia is a really good option for you to get started with if you're new to the online program world because of the low cost. And if you don't have many clients to start with, this can be a really good and affordable one to get started with. All right, so let's look at Podia. Now, Podia is a good option for you to consider if you're in the very early phases of your business and you don't have many clients and you just want to get. All right, so let's look at Podia. Now, Podia is a really good option for you to consider if you're just getting started in the online space and you don't have a lot of clients and you just really want to put out your first course out there to testing. Now, it is really affordable at thirty nine USD a month. It does go up in different pricing tiers depending on what you need as well. What I like about Podia is that it's super easy to use and it's a very low cost all in one platform as well. And it allows you to create your website sales page. It hosts all your videos and PDFs in there. It also gives you options to create multiple choice quizzes in there as well. And most importantly, it connects your payment integration so you can link it up to Stripe or PayPal to take payments and automate the process for your clients to sign up. And lastly, it's also got the ability for you to create an email list within the platform. Now, some of the cons to consider for Podia is that the website design can be a little rigid, so it doesn't allow a huge amount of customization. So it may not be a big problem if you already have a website. All right, so on to the cons. Now, the first thing about Podia is that the website design is a little rigid. It may not be a big problem if you already have your website built somewhere else. But if you're looking at creating your website on Podia as part of hosting. All right, so let's look at the cons. Now, firstly, Podia has quite... So on to the cons. Now, Podia allows you to create websites, but it does have quite a rigid design. So if you already have your... All right, so let's look at the cons for Podia. Now, first of all, although Podia allows you to create a website and landing pages, it does have quite a rigid design. And if you already have your website hosted somewhere else, this might not be a deal breaker at all. But if this is something that you're using to create your website for the first time, you just need to consider that there is some rigidity to this. And it may not be as flexible with your design options. The second really important thing to note is that you can only charge for your program in one currency. So on Kajabi, which is something that I use, you can charge multiple currencies and create different offers for the same product. So this is something that could be a big deal breaker for some of you, especially for most of those who work with clients. Globally, you want to be able to accept payments in different currencies. And then the next problem with the payment side of things is if you're setting up payment plans for your clients, you can't set it up for PayPal. If you're linking it up with Stripe, that will be completely okay. But PayPal just does not seem to like payment plans on the Podia platform. And lastly, the email marketing ability for Podia is quite limited. It is very basic, I would say. So if you have something else like ConvertKit, you can certainly integrate that with Podia. All right, so let's look at Podia in more detail. Now, Podia is certainly a good option for you to get started with. If this is your first course that you're creating and you don't have many clients at all, and you don't want to invest too much into an online course platform, Podia is really affordable. So it starts at $39 a month on the lowest tier, and that's in US dollars as well. And you can go up in the different tiers as you want more advanced features. There is a lot to like about Podia. Podia, first of all, is super user-friendly, and being an all-in-one platform as well, it's very cost-effective. Now, it gives you the ability to build websites. You can create landing pages and sales pages. You can host your videos and PDFs as well as part of your course hosting platform. And it allows you to integrate multiple choice quizzes into your course to test your clients' knowledge. And most importantly, it has that payment integration so clients can pay. And you can automate that process of the enrollment so they get the login straight away. And lastly, it has the email list ability. Now, despite the pros, there are some cons to consider as well. So first of all, the website design feature on Podia is quite rigid. So you might have like very blocky designs, and it may not be able to look as pretty as you want it to be.


If you already have another website hosted somewhere else, this is obviously not going to be a deal breaker for you. But if you are relying on Podia to create your website, to design it on there, then I would consider this as a limitation. Then the next thing which is a big deal breaker for me is that on Podia you can only charge with one currency. So if you choose AUD as your primary currency, you can only charge in Australian dollars for all your products across the board on Podia. Now this is obviously going to be a problem for most of us because we work online, we work with a global audience. So we're going to have clients from all around the world and most commonly people will charge in AUD and USD, right? So if you cannot charge in different currencies, that can sometimes be a limitation for clients because they're going to be slab with a currency conversion rate from their bank account. So they may not like this very much. So for me, I know that is a huge deal breaker and that's why I don't use Podia for this reason. Now the next limitation in terms of payment is that you cannot connect payment plans or set it up with PayPal. Now it will completely be okay if your only payment method is Stripe. You can still link up Stripe with the payment plan option on Podia. So that's not a huge problem. And lastly, Podia has quite basic email marketing features. So one of the key problems is that it doesn't allow you to tag people. So that means if someone purchased one of your courses, you wouldn't know what they've purchased. So if you have five different courses on Podia, you're not going to know which one they've signed up with. So it doesn't allow you to segregate your list, which again can be a limitation for those of you who wants to send emails to people who purchase a specific course. Alright, now on to Kajabi. So Kajabi is the platform that we currently use for all our programs. Now on to Kajabi. Now Kajabi is the platform that we currently use in our business. Now on to my favorite platform, Kajabi. Now on to my favorite platform, Kajabi. So now on to Kajabi, my favorite platform of all. It is the platform that we currently use for our business because it has a lot of very beautiful features. Now on to Kajabi, my favorite platform. Now this is the platform that we currently use in our business because it has a few key features that we know are deal breakers that we decided was important for us. And hence we have decided to stuck with this and we have been using it for around three and a half years now since we started. Now Kajabi is a little bit more pricey for some of you to consider. Now on to my favorite platform, Kajabi. Now this is the platform that we currently use in our business and we have used it for the last three and a half years because it has quite a few key features. Now on to Kajabi. Now on to my favorite platform, Kajabi. So this is the platform that we currently use in our business and we have used it over the last three and a half years because it has a few key features that we decided was really important for us. And that's why we have loved it and continue to stick with it. Now on to my favorite platform, Kajabi. This is obviously the platform that we're currently using in our business right now because it has a few key features that we decided was really important for us. And we have used it since we started, since the beginning, which is... Now on to my favorite platform, Kajabi. So this is the platform that we're obviously using right now in our business because it has a few key features that we decided was really important for our business. We have used this over the last three and a half years and yes, there are some things that we love and there are some things that we don't like as well. But some of the deal breakers here are things that are really important for us. So let's go through the pros first. So first of all, Kajabi is really the all-in-one platform. It has so many different features that we just love. So first of all, it has the website builder ability and it is a lot more sophisticated than Podia. So I highly recommend that if you don't have a website that you consider Kajabi for it. Obviously, it allows you to host your platform and the best thing is it allows you to check out multiple currencies and you can integrate upsells with it as well. So that can be really helpful if you want to encourage people to upsell and buy something next on top of what they buy. So now on to my favorite platform of all, Kajabi. Now we have been using Kajabi over the last three and a half years and we love it. There are so many things to like about it because it really has a few key features that we know is really important for our business. So now on to my favorite platform, Kajabi. Now this is obviously the platform that we're using right now and we've used it over the last three and a half years. There are some really important features that we really decided was key for us and that's why we have continued to stick with it. Now Kajabi, it is a little bit... Now on to our favorite platform, Kajabi. Now Kajabi is obviously a platform that we have... Now on to my favorite platform, Kajabi. So we're obviously using Kajabi right now as you'll be able to see as you're going through the program. It is a platform that we have used over the last three and a half years and we absolutely love it. It has helped us to grow and scale our business and has continued to surprise us with new features as they grow as well. Now there are some key things that we decided was really important for us and I think there are going to be deal breakers for you as well. So I'm going to cover some of them here. So Kajabi, first of all, is an all-in-one platform. It really has all the key features and if you have Kajabi, you're not going to need another website hosting platform. You're not going to need another email marketing platform as well. So it is really handy having everything in one place. I love that Kajabi is so intuitive and it's really easy to use and me being a little tech challenged to start with has absolutely taken to Kajabi really easily. And it's got a great website page builder as well. You can easily drag and drop things so you'll be able to pull together a website relatively quickly. And the best part about Kajabi that some platforms lack, for example, Tinkific or Podia like I mentioned earlier, that you can sell in multiple currencies. So this is really helpful if you have clients globally and you want to take payments in USD or AD. You can certainly do that and allows you to create as many offers as you like for that one program. So that is a huge benefit here. Now in terms of some of the cons, there are some but not many. So first off, now in terms of cons, there are some but not many. So first of all, some people are concerned about the higher price to get started. So for Kajabi, the lowest here starts at 149 USD a month. And some of you might see this as a big, big difference to some of the other courses out there. But honestly speaking, this is an all in one platform. And when you combine all the different things that you need for your business, it does end up being very close to this amount anyway. And I just love having all my things in one place. And that's why I love and continue to stick with Kajabi. Now just remember as well that although it's 100... Now let's talk about the cons. There are a few but not many. Now one of the biggest concern that people... Alright, so let's talk about the cons. There are a couple, so not many. So first off, I know some people are concerned about the higher cost to get started. So Kajabi on the lowest here starts at 149 USD a month. So over a course of a year, it's around about $1,500. Some of you may see this as a prohibitive cost. But what I want you to see is to think about how it's going to help you to get clients. And the return on your investment as well. So for example, if you charge $1,200 or $1,500 for your program, you really only need one client to see the return in investment on Kajabi. So it becomes a no-brainer when you know that this is quite a helpful and useful platform. The cost isn't that much of an issue. And it's just one of the investment that you're going to make in your business. And on Kajabi, the lowest tier is limited to three products. And most of you will really only use one. So it's not going to be that much of a problem to start with. So Kajabi is one of my favorite platforms out there. And in the next lesson, you're going to see a quick video on some of the key features that Kajabi has. And like I mentioned, Kajabi grows with you and your business as well. And that's why we love the platform. Now let's talk... Alright, so let's talk about the cons. There are a couple for Kajabi, so there's not many. One of the biggest concern that people have... Alright, so let's talk about the cons. There is just a couple, not many. So first of all, I know some of you might be concerned about the higher cost of Kajabi to get started. So the lowest tier of the platform is $149 USD a month. So over the course of a year, it's around about $1,600. Now some of you will see this as a really big investment. But I want you to shift your mindset and see it this way. So first of all... First of all... Alright, so first of all... Alright, so... Alright, so let's talk about the cons. There are a couple, not many. Now first of all, I know some of you might be a little concerned about the higher cost of Kajabi to get started with compared to some of the other platforms. Now Kajabi on the lowest tier is $149 USD a month. So that's around about $1,800 USD a year. And I know some of you might be thinking that is such a big investment. Now what I want you to do here is to shift your mindset and think about the return in your investment here. First of all, by having everything in one place, it's going to save you a whole bunch of confusion. Secondly, if you charge $1,200 or $1,500 for your online program, you're going to only need one and a half client or less to see a return of investment on your Kajabi subscription. So really for me, it becomes a no-brainer because it makes my life easier and it's just one of those other expense for your business that would... And it's just one of those costs running of the business that you need to incorporate in your expenditure. And it's just one of those costs in running your online business. Now the other thing is on the lowest tier of Kajabi, you're limited to three products. But I know that this is probably not going to be a huge problem for some of you because you'll more than likely only have one to two products for a long time before you need to upgrade to the next tier to get 15 products. So that's pretty much it for Kajabi. It's a platform that we love and use and continue to recommend. Now on the description section of this video... So that's pretty much it for our website recommendations. So like I said, we recommend Podia if you want to look at a super low cost option or Kajabi if you're looking at this long-term and you want to get an all-in-one platform so it can grow with your business. So that's it for this video here. So that's it for this video here. I've talked about some of the key platforms that are available online and our key recommendation is Podia if you're looking for a super low cost option to get started or Kajabi as an all-in-one platform that grows with you and it's a really comprehensive platform that we know and love. So in the next couple of lessons, we're going to take you on a Kajabi tour and Osokong has done a tutorial to help you set up your platform once you sign up for it. So I'll see you over there.
