---
Source Program: Momentum Club
File Name: Module 4.5.mp4
---

Alright, so now that you've enrolled your founding members, you might be thinking, what is your next step? And what should you be focusing your time and attention on? So in this lesson here, I'm going to talk about some steps to help you optimize your client experience, get your client amazing results, and also ways to obtain testimonials and feedback for your clients to help you prepare for your next launch. So let's get started. So first up, I want to talk about word of mouth marketing, because this is probably one of the most powerful form of marketing available out there. And it's free for you and your business as well. So what I recommend here is really spending that time to get to know your founding members, give them the care and attention that they need to help them achieve amazing results. And when they do, that's when you can jump in and ask for testimonials and feedback. And these are people that are going to help you pick up mistakes in your program, tell you what they need and want. And it will be really good to leverage all of that to help you improve and evolve your program as you go about that. Alright, so word of mouth marketing is a really powerful form. And I want you to think about how you can do that as you move along in your business. So there are three pillars to help you create raving fans for your business. So first of all, you've got engage, you've got experience, and thirdly, empower. So I'm going to talk about the first one, engage them. And there's a really famous quote by Theodore Roosevelt, who says, people don't care about how much you know, until they know how much you care. So it doesn't matter how qualified or experienced you are. If your clients are not feeling that care and attention from you, they're going to feel a little disengaged. So what I recommend is really taking that time to connect and listen to your clients and form that genuine relationship. So you can build that know, like and trust factor. And when your clients trust you, they're going to get better results because they're more willing to open up to you more. And the second pillar is experience. So this is where I want you to really open your ears and your eyes up to listen and to see what's going on around you. So for example, one thing that I want you to consider is to put yourself in your client's shoes. So think about if you were to be going through the program yourself, what sort of experience do you want to have? What sort of experience do you want to give them from the start? Which is when someone says yes to working with you to the end, you want to think about the systems, the experience, the things that you're going to do and share with them. How is that going to help them get that best experience with you? And one of the ways that you can achieve that is by sending your clients a welcome gift. It could be something really small and it's just really to welcome them into the program. It could help them to feel really excited and happy and reaffirm the decision to be working with you. And nothing beats being excited in the beginning and kicking off your relationship to a good start. And like I mentioned before, you want to pay attention to the details and think about all the things that are happening. Are your clients saying certain things to you? Are your clients asking you a certain type of question that might mean you need to add in more resources to support them? Or if you're hearing from your clients a lot, I don't know what my next steps are. They need to be thinking about perhaps setting up the expectation right in the beginning so they know what to expect. So that's when you can pick up all these little things. And like I said earlier, I'd only recommend you have about five founding members in your program. If you have 10, 20, 30, it's going to get really hard to serve your clients and finish your program at the same time. So that's why I recommend starting with a small group and really slowing down so you can speed up later. And the other parts I want you to think about is what support elements do you have in place when your clients hit a roadblock? Have we got a check-in form that we send them on a regular basis so they can reach out and let you know that they're stuck? And if they're stuck, what happens? How do you provide support? And if someone's getting success and celebrating wins, how would you celebrate that with them? How do you help them to feel like, yes, that's a big achievement and milestone and congratulate that? Because that can make them really feel very good about what they're doing and it will encourage them to keep going. Now, pillar number three is empower. So this is where you want to be their coach, their health professional, to empower your clients themselves to take those actions, to set their own goals, and to really navigate the way with them. So if they get stuck, you're there to empower them to make that decision, to help them to continue to move forward. And you also want to help them to see their wins as well, because sometimes they might be just going through your program and not seeing that they've achieved a win or not really take that time to celebrate. So that's where you want to help them to slow down and celebrate. And of course, if your clients refer anyone to you, you want to take that time to thank them and appreciate them for referring, because that's a great and very powerful way for you to get clients through word of mouth. All right. So the next thing that I want to talk about is collecting soap. All right. So right now, I'm going to shift gears and talk about collecting social proof. Testimonials. All right. So right now, I want to shift gears and talk about collecting social proof. So testimonials are very powerful. All right. So right now, I want to shift gears and talk about collecting social proof, because testimonials are a really powerful form of social proof, and people love to read and hear about other people's experience. So you definitely want to look at collating those. There is certainly no harm in collecting them, especially for those of you who are based in Australia or in Canada. Your professional regulatory body might not allow you to publish them, but nothing should stop you from collecting them. Especially if someone wants to write something for you, definitely welcome that. So a way to do that is through Google reviews. So I don't know if you guys have got Google My Business, and if you haven't got that, I do highly recommend that you register yourself for it, because it does allow people to review and rate your business. And that can be really powerful, especially if someone finds you on Google. It also puts you on the map, so it allows people who might be more local to find you as well. And besides Google My Business, there is a whole form of other options for people to provide testimonials for you. So they can do it either in the written form or in a video form. So they can record a video testimonial themselves, maybe something that's like three to five minutes, or if they're a little bit more shy, you can get them to write something up. Or the other option is doing an interview. So you might have a list of questions that you want to ask your clients, you can send that through, and you can ask that. So it's more of a two-way conversation. And the other option here is Facebook page. So you can get people to... So the other option here is Facebook page. So people can also write reviews for your business on Facebook as well. But because we do have the option to turn off this feature and take any reviews or feedback down, in Australia, professional regulatory body, Dietitian Australia, does not allow for us to publish feedback through Facebook. So I recommend not using that if you're based in Australia, and just getting other formats of testimonials or getting people to rate you on Google, which could be really helpful as well. And the other way of collecting social proof is by using program feedback and survey. So you want to know how you're doing. You want to hear from your clients what's working well and what can be improved. So I do recommend have a set of survey questions that you can ask, and implanting them on your program portal. Midway through the program, you might also have one towards the end as well, and encouraging your clients to fill these in. It could also be through your weekly check-in. You might get them to rate things, you might get them to report on the progress and let you know what's working well. And certainly, when your clients are going through and experiencing... And certainly, when your clients are going through and experiencing a win, and they're getting amazing results, that's when you also want to ask for a testimonial. That's a perfect opportunity. And the other thing is, if your clients are celebrating a win, and they've just achieved a milestone, that is a perfect opportunity for you to ask for a testimonial, because they will be more likely to write one up for you when they're celebrating the win, and they're on a high. I do recommend not leaving your testimonial till the very end after you've finished working with them, because they're going to get on with life, they're going to be really busy, and forget to write something up for you. And I've certainly experienced that myself as well, where it's harder to ask for a testimonial at the end. So I do recommend that you do ask for one when you're still working with a client. Now, I do know that it's tricky to know what to ask for a testimonial, and how to encourage people to write testimonials that will be very effective. So I've put in a list of questions for you in the testimonial template within the download section for you to use and send to your clients. Now, the other part of collecting social proof is through program surveys. So I do recommend that you have surveys implanted all throughout your program, especially midway through, and at the end as well, so you get to hear from your clients what's working well, what would they like to see improved, what would they like to see more of, all of those type of questions. So you can put that into your program portal in those time points that I talk about. But particularly if you hear your clients achieving a milestone and celebrating the win, that is the perfect opportunity for you to jump in and ask for a testimonial, because they will be more likely to want to write one up for you because they're feeling good, and that's when they're on a high as well. So I do recommend jumping on those opportunities to ask for a feedback. And lastly, I do recommend that you don't leave it till the very end after you finish working with the client to ask for feedback, because life gets busy for them, and they're going to forget to do it. And when they're no longer a client, it's much harder to jump on and remind them to do it. So I recommend that you obtain a testimonial whilst you're still working with your client. And I also know that it can be a little bit tricky to know what sorts of questions to ask as well, so I've put in the download section a list of questions that you can use to send to your clients to ask them for a testimonial. All right, so you'll find that in the download section. And just your next steps here, now that you've got your clients, I really want you to focus on finishing your program. You need to get it to the finish line, so you'll always be ahead of your clients. And whilst you're doing that, you're busy serving your clients, and it will also be a really good time to start thinking about when would be a good time for you to launch your program again. So that's when you have your more official launch, and you might want to think about doing a webinar launch for that and capture more people in at one time. So once you finish this section here, you can start thinking about your next launch. And in module five, I talk about webinar launches. So I'm going to be sharing with you my templates and plans so you can start thinking about it and putting the wheels in motion. And I do recommend leaving around about four to eight weeks between now to your next launch. So your audience has a little bit of break, and you get to prepare and finish your program as well. So I would suggest focusing on that. So I would suggest focusing on that, and then I'll see you over in module five once you're ready to start thinking about your webinar launch. All the best, and I'll talk to you soon.
