---
Source Program: Momentum Club
File Name: Module 5.1.mp4
---

Hello there, welcome to Module 5 of the Momentum Club. Now first of all, I want to congratulate you for making it this far into the program portal. Now Module 5, it's a big module, but also a really important one. So I'm going to presume that you're here because you have completed your founders launch and you're almost at the very end of your online program portal creation and now you're looking for your next steps. Now on your founders launch, you would have done live launches on Instagram. That is essentially the first step to getting started. Now that you're a little bit further along in your journey, we're going to layer on the next style of launching, which is through webinars. Now webinar launches is probably one of my most favorite way of launching because it's so much more effective and in terms of energy management standpoint, it can be a lot easier as well, especially if you're an introvert like me. You just have to show up for two webinar sessions and then maybe show up on Instagram a few times during your launch period and that's it. So from an energy standpoint, I do find that it's a lot easier to manage. And also in terms of the conversion rate, webinars are much better and also it's great for growing your list. So there's many pros of running webinars and I know that if this is your first time of launching through webinars, it can feel a little bit scary, but don't worry, I've got you. I've got tons of resources and assets and templates to share with you and I'm going to take you through a step-by-step way of creating a webinar and launching that successfully. So that takes us to the overview slide here where I'm going to show you exactly what you're going to be learning here. So on this lesson, you're going to learn about how to craft your webinar topic and then we're going to go and pick a webinar date and start to formulate your launch plan. Just like your founders launch, I do recommend having four to six weeks runway. So this will give you more than enough time to create your assets, to plan for your launch and also to get guidance and troubleshoot as you go along the way. And then in the next lesson, we're going to learn how to firm up your launch offer. Now I do know that most of you, and then we go on to the next lesson where you're going to start to design, hang on. And then in the next lesson, we're going to create your webinar launch assets like your webinar freebie, and then we're going to firm up your launch offer. So back then when you were doing your founders launch, that would have been a more condensed or simpler version of your offer. So now we're going to decide what you're going to put in and all the final parts of your program to finalize it and come up with your launch offer. And then in the next few lessons after that, I'm going to be talking about the different webinar platforms, which ones to choose and how to set up your webinar. And in lesson two, we're going to look at your webinar assets. So there I'm going to share with you my templates, with the emails, with the opt-in pages and also the follow up emails. And in lesson two, I'm going to talk about your webinar assets. So here I'm going to share with you my webinar slide deck template, all the emails that goes up pre-webinar and post webinars. And then also we're going to be looking at some benchmarks for your webinar registration and the conversion rates and things to aim for. And in lesson three, we're going to start to firm up your launch offer. So here we're going to look at your final offer that you're providing to your new clients that are coming through the doors for this program, what you want to include and how to price it. And then the next few lessons after that, we're going to be looking at the different softwares and tech that you need to run your webinar. So here I'm going to be talking about the different platforms, the pros and the cons, and which one I recommend if you were first starting out for your webinar launches. And then lastly, we're going to be looking at launch evaluation and a whole bunch of different things to help you prepare for your next few launches thereafter. Now you might be wondering, how does it work to get people through the doors to your webinar? So the first step we're going to look at here is driving traffic to the registration page. So you're going to get people to register for your webinar through your social media pages and also emailing your list and getting them to sign up for the webinar as well. And then you're going to host two live webinar sessions. So you want to get as many people to attend the live sessions as possible so you can optimize your conversion rates there, because people who tend to watch the replay are the ones who don't really. So the next part of it is looking at your webinar funnel. So you might be wondering, how am I going to get people through to the webinar? So the first part of it is looking at your traffic source. So just like how you would normally promote your discovery calls or your freebie, you're going to be driving traffic to your webinar registration page through social media. So through your Instagram, Facebook pages or any channels that you've got, you're going to drive people to your registration page. You can also email your list a few times to let them know about your webinar and encouraging them to go and register. And then next, you're going to run two live webinar sessions. So what I mean by that is that you're going to run the same session twice on two different days to optimize the number of people who would register and come. And here, you really want to encourage people to attend live because that's really going to improve your conversion rates. It's going to optimize the energy that's in a room because people who don't come, who may or may not watch the replay, they don't tend to convert as well. So the goal here is to get as many people through to the live webinar as possible. And then next up after the webinar, you're going to send them to the strategy call and application form booking page. So here, you're going to encourage them to book in a strategy call to talk about the next steps and also to apply for your program and let them know that it's a no obligation call. And this is going to be exactly the same way of how you run your current discovery calls. Now let's look at choosing a webinar topic. Now this is often something that a lot of people struggle with because they might struggle with coming up with creative names or they're not sure what to talk about. So I'm going to guide you through how to find your webinar topic. So the first thing to note here is that you want to have an attention grabbing headline. You want it to be a hook. You want it to get people curious to go and register. And your headline or your topic should be results or outcome focused. So I'm going to give you a few examples in a minute. And it should always speak to what your ideal client desires to achieve. So here's an example of two different ways to name your webinar topic. So I like to go with the mistakes to avoid angle. So these are the key mistakes or myths that people have fallen into the traps of or the number of steps to achieve X, Y and Z. So I'm going to give you an example here. So if we were to go with the number of steps, so usually a really good number is either three or five, four, six, eight doesn't tend to convert very well. So I would say go for three or five so it doesn't overwhelm your audience there. So let's go with five steps to achieve, overcome or break free. So you want to use one of these outcome focused word. Let's say for my IBS webinar, I could go five steps to achieve IBS freedom without. So here's what they don't want to do. So maybe restrictive diets or without confusion or overwhelm. So you want to make it super interesting here for them. So let's say my webinar topic will be five steps to breaking free from IBS without restrictive diets. So that's a very simple and punchy topic headline there. The other angle that you could go with is the number of the mistakes to avoid. So it could be the three key mistakes to avoid so you can achieve IBS freedom without restrictive diets. So either one of those angle is going to work really well. You just want to make sure that it speaks to what your ICA is struggling with and what they desire for the outcome. And once you have those basic words or the backbones developed, you can use this website here. I'm going to put it in the description section of this lesson here as well, called twikiabiz.com forward slash title dash generator. So you can go in and put in what you've come up with, and it's going to generate a whole bunch of different combinations of title to make it more curiosity, intriguing. All right, so the next step after this is choosing your webinar topic. So some of the key things that you want to do is to make sure that your topic has attention grabbing headlines. All right, so the next thing we want to do is to come up with your webinar topic. So I like to start here first, so it gives you a good direction to go with. And the most important thing is to make sure that you've got an attention grabbing headline, which is essentially your hook. And that's something to get people curious. It's intriguing. All right. And you also need to make sure that it's results and outcome focused. And it really needs to speak to what your ideal client desires to achieve their dreams and their goals as well. So I'm going to give you two ways to develop your topic idea. So I like to get my clients to go with these two different methods. So you could go with the mistakes route. So you could talk about some of the key mistakes or myths or traps that people have fallen into. Or you could go with number of steps to achieve. So this can relate to the number of steps you have as part of your framework as well. So two ways. I'm going to talk about the first one here, which is the steps to achieve. So let's go with the number. And here, I would recommend that you keep to either three or five. You don't want to make it too long because it can end up being really overwhelming, can feel like you're giving everything away. And your webinar attendees are going to feel like they don't need any more from you. They want to go off and implement things on their own. That's why I say keep to a maximum of five. You don't want to go four. You don't want to go six or eight because these numbers don't tend to work as well. So let's go with five steps here or five ways. That's fine as well. Two. So this could be the action-orientated way. So let's say from my IBS webinar, I could go five steps to breaking free from IBS without. And this part here is what they don't really want to do. So for a lot of them, they don't want to cut out too many foods. They don't want to be on too many restrictive diets. So you could go five ways to break free from IBS without restrictive diets or cutting out your favorite foods, something like that. So keep it simple because what you're doing here is just brainstorming the backbone, the basic idea for your topic. And then we're going to jazz it up on the next slide using a website. Okay. All the other options go with the mistakes. So you could go three mistakes to avoid for IBS freedom without restrictive diets. Okay. So once you formulate that, we're going to go to the next step. All right. So once you formulate that, we're going to take it to the next step, which is using this website here. So it's called tweakyourbiz.com forward slash title generator. So you're going to input what you come up with into this website, and then it's going to spit out a whole range of different combinations of very interesting topic ideas. Now, these are obviously not specific for nutrition. So you're going to find some of them a little bit funny. So you pick up what you think works best. And this is just an example of what comes out here for the secrets. So I've used something for fertility in here. So it could be go something like cracking the fertility code, five steps to seeking, to getting fertility. So it's going to churn out a whole range of different combinations. All right. So the next step here is now to take what you've got from the last brainstorming session and put it into this website called tweakyourbiz.com forward slash title generator. And it's going to spit out a whole bunch of different combinations of topic ideas for you. Now, just know that this isn't nutrition specific. So some things may not make sense. But what I want you to do here is just pick up some words or verbs here that could be quite intriguing to make your topic idea more interesting. So I've put in something related to fertility there. So there's a section here, there's different sections, and one of them is the secret section. So I like this one here where it says cracking the fertility code. So you could add something else on top of it using what I've taught you in the last slide. So you could go something like cracking the code, colon, the five key secrets to boosting your fertility, right? So then it kind of makes it really interesting for people to want to register. Otherwise, they will think that it's just the same stuff that you share or they can find online. OK, I'm more than happy to help you brainstorm. If you want to pop that into Trello and just get some more ideas, Katrina and myself can help you with that. All right, and if you need some more help with brainstorming, feel free to put a few ideas on your Trello board. And then myself or the co-coaches can help you to brainstorm. Now, the next step here is picking your webinar date. I know that things can change, but it's also really important to set some dates and set yourself some goals so you can start working on your timeline for your launch plan. Now, in terms of webinar dates, I do recommend having a look first because you want to make sure that there's no major events or public holidays, elections happening around that time. And I would do recommend that you avoid December for doing webinar launches and avoid early January as well. So the best times to do that is usually when we are. All right, so the next step for this is picking your dates. Now, I know that things can change and life can get busy and there can be unexpected events, but it's really important to just set some dates so you can plan towards this. All right, so the next step here is picking your webinar dates. So like I mentioned earlier, having two sessions to cater for different time zones. So it gives people the option of coming if they are in the other. All right, so the next step here is picking your webinar dates. So I did mention about having about four to six weeks runway. So you want to have a look at your calendar and decide what's feasible. And I do recommend having two sessions on two separate days instead of having all in one day, because that can be quite draining from an energy standpoint. So I'd suggest having two separate sessions on two different days so you can cater for different time zones and also for people who are in the other. So in terms of timing, I do recommend having one in the morning, so nine to ten o'clock in the morning and then another one between five to seven p.m. in the evening after work. So it doesn't matter where you are in the world, you want to look at what works best for you and for your ideal clients. So for example, for me here in Australia, if I do run a session in the morning, that's going to cater for people in the States or Canada. And if I run the session in the evening, that's going to cater for Australians, New Zealand, UK people who would be in the middle of the day or towards the end of the day after work. So that will optimize my attendance rates. And you can have a play with the different time zones to work out which one would work better for your audience. And in terms of what days to run it, I do recommend avoiding the weekends, Mondays and Fridays. So we're found that it's best to run it on the weekends, Mondays and Fridays. So we found that between Tuesdays to Thursdays tend to work best. And now in terms of the suggested days to run your webinar, I do recommend avoiding Mondays, Fridays and the weekends because the attendance rates may not be as high. I do recommend going for either Tuesday, Wednesday or Thursday here. And then like I mentioned earlier, you want to avoid. All right, so now on to picking your webinar dates. Now you want to make sure that you start planning this early because this will help you with your launch planning and then giving yourself that four to six weeks runway to make sure that you can execute all the tasks and have a stress-free launch. Now, in terms of your sessions, I do recommend picking two sessions and this is really important to help you cater for different time zones and also for people who work as well. I don't recommend having the two sessions on the same day. I do recommend separating that. So that gives you time to recoup your energy and to come into your webinar fresh. And with the timing, I do recommend having one session in the morning round about nine to 10 and then another one after work between five to seven. Because for example, here in Australia, that time there works really well for my US and Canadian audience because that's the night time for them the day before. And then the evening time, five to seven p.m., works really well for my Aussie clients, New Zealand, and also for the UK European time zones as well. So you want to play with those and work out what will suit you best and also your audience as well. And in terms of the days to run the webinar, I do recommend running it between Tuesday to Thursday.


So picking those two sessions out of those days, because I find that on weekends, people don't tend to come. They might register, but not end up coming because they might be out and about. Mondays and Fridays, people tend to be quite busy. They're slowing down for the weekend. So Tuesdays to Thursdays are the best. And I also do recommend having a look, Googling as well, because you want to make sure that your dates that you've selected are not during public holidays or on the same week or public holidays, because people might be having time off or traveling. And you also want to avoid major elections as well, because there's a lot of noise happening online. Okay. And then once you've done your two webinar, you're going to pick the best recording that you've got and use it for your evergreen webinar funnel. So if you don't know what I'm talking about, you're going to be learning more about this on module six, where I'm going to teach you how to get clients on an evergreen basis, meaning that you'll constantly be enrolling clients into your program, even when you're not launching. So I'm going to share with you more about this style of launching in module six. All right. You might have seen this before. This is the webinar launch planner. All right. So this image here might look really familiar. We've talked about the five different phases of launching when you were doing your founders launch. And now we're going to take it to the next level and look at webinar launch planning. So the five phases remains the same. So you've got phase one, which is the attract phase. And that's when you continue to attract new people into your world through Instagram, through your lead magnets, through your blog. So if you're doing podcasts, it's about growing your audience there. Okay. And that's really the first step. And then the second phase of launching is about nurturing your audience. So that's really about building relationships with your audience. You want to make sure that you already have your email list going and you're nurturing your audience on your email list as well. I do recommend every sending you. And I do recommend sending your email list. And I do recommend sending your email list and email once a fortnight, at least in between your launches. If you can, weekly will be the gold standard. And then week three, and then phase three is really about the excite phase. So this is where you want to start to tease to your audience that you have something new coming. And I'll do that around two to four weeks prior to launching. You want to get them excited, start to let people know that you're going to be opening the doors to your program very soon. And you can create hype for this on your social media and also on your email list as well, and start to get people ready for your webinar. And here you can always just start to build a waitlist. If you have time, I would say do that around four weeks beforehand, at least so people can start to register their interest and then get access to waitlist specials. Okay. And then the next phase here, it's about the offer. So this is where you run your two webinars and then start to open the doors for your program. And I do recommend allowing seven to 10 days for your promotional launch. And then you want to send people to your application form and discovery page. And then you want to send people to your application form and discovery call booking through the webinar. And a sales page is optional here. If you have time, your discovery call will replace the sales page. So if you're running out of time, don't worry about creating one, but I'm going to show you anywhere later on in this module, how to create a long form, proper sales page. All right. And then the last phase here is about evaluating your launch. And I will have a launch evaluation calculator for you at the end of this module. All right. And the last phase is about evaluating your launch. Now, this is once you finish the launch, you're going to go and look at all the data and analytics and everything and get out what you've done well and what can be improved on for the next launch. And I'm going to have a launch evaluation planner for you at the very end to help you do this. All right. And then on to the very stage and the very last stage is phase five, the evaluate phase. So that's once you've finished launching, you're going to look at all the stats and analytics to evaluate what's gone well and what hasn't. And I'm going to address this on the very last lesson of this module where we're going to help you using an evaluation planner to work out what's gone well and what you can work on to improve for your next launch. And you'll also be able to download a launch calendar on the download section of this lesson here as well, where I take you through all the different things to focus on during your launch. Like I said, it's going to be around a 10 day launch period and you're going to have your webinars there. So I've laid out all the different things to cover on a daily basis during your launch. And so that's it for this lesson here. Go ahead to the download section to grab all the resources that I talked about. And in the next lesson, I'm going to be talking about your launch assets, things like your opt-in page, email templates and slide deck template for your webinar. So I'll see you over there.
