---
Source Program: Momentum Club
File Name: Module 2.4.mp4
---

Hello, and welcome to lesson four on this module all about designing your online program. Now in this lesson here, we're going to start to peel off the next layer, looking at how to formulate your premium offer. And there's essentially five core steps that's involved. And these are really important aspects to cover and think about before you go off and spend months creating your program, because you want to make sure this is actually what your audience needs. And you can start to pre-sell this idea to some people to make sure that you're not launching a program to crickets. So the five steps are coming up with your program name, developing a program tagline, which is a descriptor statement that explains who and what your program is all about. Step number three is looking at naming each module. So that may or may not correlate to each milestone on your roadmap and think about your milestone as the overarching outcome or goal that on pit stop that you want them to get. So step number three is naming each module, which may or may not relate to each milestone on your roadmap. And then step number four is breaking each module down into individual lessons. So see your lessons as the different steps for someone to get to that milestone, which they will achieve at the end of completing that module. And then finally, in step number five, this is where you outline the different outcomes that they will achieve from completing each module. And this is really helpful, especially when you have someone who may say, Oh, I feel like I'm falling behind. I feel like I'm a bit lost. This is where you can get them to go back to your roadmap and anchor where they're at now to the milestone they're at. So help them to see whether they're actually behind or they've actually come a long way. So the first step here is on naming your program. You may or may not want to complete this as the last step, because I find that this is where some people do get stuck trying to become creative, come up with a name that's catchy for the audience. So in terms of naming your program, it needs to encompass who your program is for the promise itself and the result that you're going to help people to achieve. It needs to be short, and I would suggest limiting it to 60 characters, because that would help, especially if you're trying to get in touch with the SEO. So step number one is on naming your program. So you may not. So step number one is on naming your program, and you may or may not want to leave this to the last. a lot of people find that they may get stuck on the stage. So step number one is on naming your program, and when it comes to choosing a name, it needs to capture the essence of who your program is for the promise itself and the result you'll help someone to achieve. And I'll suggest keeping it short and try and limit it to 60 characters, because it will optimize your search on Google when someone's looking for a program that they might be interested in. And the next step is trying to make your program name memorable or catchy. You don't want it to be a mouthful, it'll be easy for you to say. Step number one is on naming your program. So really needs to capture the essence of who your program is for the promise itself and the result that you're going to help someone to achieve from completing your program. And I'll recommend that you keep your program name short and try and limit it to 60 characters because it will optimize your search ability on Google. You need to ask yourself these questions. Is my program name memorable? Is it catchy or is it quite a mouthful to say? And then it needs to also spark curiosity, it may want to make someone find out more about what your program is. So step number one is all about naming your program and it should really capture the essence of who your program is for, the promise and the result you're going to help someone achieve from completing your program. And it really needs to be short. So if you can limit it to 60 characters, this will be best because it will help with your search ability on Google. So some of you may or may not already have a program name or a package name that you're using right now. So you can certainly keep using it. And I want you to ask yourself these questions when you're coming up with your program name. Is it memorable and catchy? Is it easy for you to say? Does it roll off the tongue or is it quite a mouthful? And does it spark curiosity for the reader or for your audience to want to find out more about your program? Does it infringe on any trademarks or copyrights? So step number one is naming your program. So your program name should really capture the essence of who is it for, the promise and the result that you're going to help someone achieve from completing your program. It should be short, sharp and sweet and try and limit it to around 60 characters as well because this will help you with search ability on Google. And if you already have a name that you're using for your package or your program, you can certainly keep using it. But ask yourself this question, is my program name memorable and catchy? Does it roll off the tongue or is it quite a mouthful to say? And does it spark curiosity for your audience to want to find out more? And ask yourself this as well, and this is really important, does it infringe on any trademarks? So you want to check on trademark registers or even go in Google and see if anyone is already using that name. Or you can go and check on something like GoDaddy or Namecheap to see if the domain name is still available in case you want to purchase it for next time. So I'm going to step you through the different ways to name your program just to give you an example. So first up, you could go with using keywords like method, system, program or formula as part of your program name. And I would say try and keep it to about three or four words to make it catchy. So an example here for my program is I've got the FODMAP focus program, or you could use something like if you're an IBS niche, IBS relief formula because it speaks to the problem and the result or beat the bloat. So I'm going to show you some examples of, so I'm going to take you through some examples to inspire you to come up with your program name. So first up, you can end or start with keywords. So I'm going to take you through some examples to help inspire you to come up with your program name. So you can certainly use the method of having keywords in there. So I'm going to take you through some examples to inspire you to create your program name. So the first one is using keywords like method, system, program or formula as part of your program name. And I would say try and keep it to about three or four words. So the first one there is an example of my program name, which is FODMAP focus program, or you could use examples like IBS relief formula. So that speaks to the result or beat the bloat program, or in your PCOS niche, it could be PCOS fertility method, or for parents with fussy eaters, it could be the joyful mealtimes program. The other way to do it, the other way to do it is to have something like do this. And so the other options is to go with something like do this and achieve this. So it could be boost your fertility and conceive with PCOS. So that's a little bit longer. So I would just make sure that that is within 60 characters, or you can go where they're at to where they want to be. So one of my programs called IBS to freedom. So where they're at now is struggling with IBS and they want to achieve freedom, or I've got another client, Stephanie Velakis, her program name is kind of the opposite of this kind of getting pregnant, get pregnant with endo. So it's the flip side of this, but it makes complete sense. So some of the other options when it comes to naming your program is using options like do this and achieve this. So an example here is like boost your fertility and conceive with PCOS. Now this is a little bit longer, so not ideal, but you get the gist of having the, what they need to do to achieve that idea. Now the other type of program name could be where they're at to where they want to be. So one of my other program is called IBS to freedom. So this is where they're stuck at and that's where they want to be. And then I've got another client, Stephanie Velakis, her program name is kind of the opposite of this. So it's flipping around and her one's called get pregnant with endo. So that clearly encapsulates what her program does and who is it for. And then the next option is going with topic made easy. So this is where you want people to see it's an easy way to tackle the problem that they have. So it could be stressful mealtimes made easy or pregnancy made easy. And some more examples would be result in X number of steps. So it could be boost your fertility in five steps, or if you have a really comprehensive program, you might want to encapsulate that with search terms. Or if you have a really comprehensive program, you might want to encapsulate that using words like complete, ultimate or entire. So you could go entire, or if you have a really comprehensive program, you could go with terms like complete, ultimate or entire to give it a really comprehensive feel to it. So for example, it could be ultimate guide to IVF nutrition, the ultimate guide to fertility, blah, blah, blah. So the next one is if you have a really short program that promises a result within a short timeframe. So you could use words like accelerator, kickstart, bootcamp. So an example could be the IBS relief accelerator. And then the next one is something that may spark curiosity. So you could include words like secret, truth or revealed. So it could be something like secrets for boosting your fertility. All right. So hopefully that gives you more idea. And the next one is, so hopefully that gives you some inspirations to get started. And let's move on to step number two, which is about crafting. So hopefully that gives you some inspiration to get started with your program title. Now the next step is looking at crafting your tagline. So that's essentially your descriptor statement that explains a little bit more about what your program is all about. So you could structure it two ways. The first one is how to achieve the result that they want without, so without I've bolded it here because it's a keyword, what they don't want to do. So if you're in a weight loss niche, you could go how to lose weight without counting calories. People are going to look at that and think, Oh, what's this? I'm really curious what her program is about. The second option for your tagline is the duration for achieving this result. So you could go the 12 week challenge for losing weight without going on diets. Again, this sparks curiosity. Now there's another way to do this, which is a eight step system for achieving the result. So it could be a five step system. So that's like your framework, how many steps there are for balancing your hormones and losing weight sustainably with PCOS. So that's a really comprehensive statement that speaks exactly to what and who it's for. Or it could be a four step framework for burnt out entrepreneurs to regain energy, boost your mood and kickstart weight loss without going hungry. So I hope you get the gist here. You're going to put some time into creating your program name and tagline shortly. Now the third and fourth step here, it's about formulating your magnetic title for your modules and your lessons. So I've shown you an example here in my last module. So the next step here is formulating your magnetic title for your program modules and your lessons. So I've shown you this example here in the last lesson, and just to remind you, you could use each stage of your program to correlate to a module within your program. So step three and four is really about formulating your magnetic title for your program module and your lessons. So you would have seen this example here from my IBS to freedom program in the last lesson. And as a reminder, you can correlate each stage or each milestone of your program to the modules. So hopefully that gives you more idea about what you can do. I think it's really helpful to create these sort of roadmaps to anchor your client's results and milestones so they know what they're working towards. So what I would suggest when it comes to formulating your magnetic title is to create or use verbs or action-based words in your titles. Things like creating, making, planning, developing, crafting, formulating, outlining, or designing, choosing, picking, getting, and nailing. So the last lesson in lesson two of this module, it was nailing your program promise. So that shows you what you're going to get out of completing that lesson, right? So it speaks clearly to the outcome, or you can go translating, transforming, or turning. So example here would be nailing your fertility diet. So I want to share with you some verbs or action-based words that you can include in your title to make it magnetic and exciting. So these are different examples here, like you could use words including, creating. So I want to share with you some verbs or action-based words that you can include in your program title to make it exciting. The different terms that you can use will include something like bloating. So I want to share with you some examples of verbs or action-based words you can use in your title to create curiosity or to make it more magnetic for your audience. So examples will be creating, making, planning, or developing, crafting, formulating, outlining, or designing, choosing, picking, getting, or nailing. Like here, we've got an example here that says nailing your fertility diet. And I've got a lesson within this module that says nailing your program promise, right? And then we've got translating, transforming, or turning. And in that example here is formulating your supplement plan, okay? So you're going to work on these in the workbook later. And right now, let's go move on to step number five, which is designing your module outcomes. So these should really describe the overall outcomes that someone's going to achieve from going through each module or stage of your program. So for example, here, I've got stage number one. When someone completes my first module, they're going to understand the core foundations of how digestion works and the foundations for good gut health. Stage number two is where they'll discover the secret to finding relief within two weeks and breaking free from frustrating gut symptoms. So you can see I've used a lot of action-based words as well, like discover, understand, uncover, and these are really helpful for people to see what they're doing, right? So the third stage is uncovering the underlying causes for your gut symptoms and identify your root causes. So hopefully these give you some really good examples of how you can move forward with crafting your program. So hopefully this gives you a really good inspiration examples of how you can go about formulating your premium offer. And again, I just want to remind you. So now that we've talked about the marketing aspects, we're going to start diving into the actual content that goes into your program modules and lessons. And you shouldn't be wanting. And I know some of you might be asking the question of how much should you be charging for your premium program right now? I'm not actually going to go into it because I don't think that's relevant for you to come up with that right now. What you should really be focusing on is what can I include in my program to get my client the best results, to get them through to the end point as soon as possible without all that fluff. So once you've done that, then in module four, which is much later, that I'm going to take you through how to come up with your pricing and come up with the irresistible offer for your audience. So in the next step, I want you to go to your profitable program workbook and start working through your premium offer and coming up with the marketing aspects of it. And then I'll see you in the next lesson where we're going to start designing the content within your program.
