---
Source Program: Momentum Club
File Name: Module 1.1.mp4
---

Welcome to the very first module here on the Momentum Club. I'm so excited that you're here because in this module, I'm going to take you through how to create that sales funnel for your business so you can have more leads coming into your business and hence more paying clients as well. Now I know up until this point, most of you are probably getting clients just through social media, through your website or Google, or even through other word of mouth referrals or health professional referrals, and you want more consistent leads. You simply can't just rely on one source of referral anymore, and that's why you're here. And I want to take you through on this lesson, what it looks like to have a solid client attraction system in place so you can get that consistent lead and hence more chance of someone becoming a potential client. Now before we begin, I want to take you through a scenario here and I want you to really think about this. So picture this, you're going on a first date with someone you've never met before, and they suddenly at the end of the date, kneel down and ask you to marry them. How would you feel? What would you do? Right? Now that's kind of a rhetorical question, and most of you would think, I would never do that. And you might even just run away and never see them again because you're completely freaked out. Now this exact same scenario is the key mistake that I see a lot of people make in their business. They expect someone to come across their page or their website for the first time and then reach out and work with them immediately. And they get disappointed and upset when they don't get any clients and all they hear is crickets. But what I want you to understand and what I'm going to show you in this lesson here is taking you through what a solid client attraction system looks like. So you know the process you need to have in place to have someone go through and the biopsychology before they even say yes to working with you. So it's important to have that expectation in place, knowing what steps you need to help them take or what you need to have in place for them to take that next step with you. So this is where we talk about the client attraction funnel. If you have been watching the videos on the accelerator program or you've already completed that program, you would know what I mean by having a client attraction funnel in place. And a client attraction funnel is divided into three parts. So there is the attract, there is the nurture, and then there's the convert phase. So it's so important to make sure that you have systems and processes and things in place to take someone through all those three different phases because it's so helpful to have this in place to help you to build or your customers to build that know, like and trust factor with you. So then when someone reaches out as a potential lead, we're not telling them to buy from us straight away. We're not sending them the link to pay straight away. We know there needs to be a system in place. So let's talk about the first step of the funnel, which is the attraction phase. And this is what we call the lead generation or the traffic generation phase. And in this phase, it's all about getting more eyes, more people in front of your business as much as possible. You want to grab attention. And to give you a very similar example, think of a gym that you might drive past every single day on the way home. You see the gym, but there's no reason for you to reach out because there just isn't until you see a big sign at the front door that says, get one month free trial for your gym membership. Zero fees, zero joining fees, right? And they have just instantly created a reason for you to step foot in the door. They have just tickled your curiosity. And you know that that's something low risk. There's nothing for me to lose. I'm going to give it a try. And they have just given you that reason to take that next step. So that free trial, that gym membership or whatever incentive they're offering is making it easier for someone to reach out, to step foot in the door and to take action. So that's exactly what you want to do, to get people through the doors. And now then it's time to nurture them, to wow them. And this is the next phase of the client attraction funnel, which is the nurture phase. And this phase is so important. No one goes through from the attraction phase to become converted to a client. So you really want to make sure that you spend substantial amount of time nurturing people and setting up processes so this can be automated in the long run. So what this would look like is having perhaps a lead magnet in place to attract people. So let's talk about the client attraction funnel. Now if you have already completed the accelerator program or you've started watching some of the videos there, you might hear me talking about the client attraction funnel. And I just want to quickly give you an overview again in case you're not familiar. Now the client attraction funnel is divided into three phases. So you've got the attract, the nurture and the convert phases. And it's so important to be able to set up each phase so you can help someone to progress through those three different phases to build the know, like and trust factor with you. So what we call in the marketing world in the first phase here is the traffic or the lead generation phase. So picture this, you have, so picture this. Alright so let's talk about the client attraction funnel. Now if you have completed the accelerator program or if you have just started watching some of the videos there, you might become familiar with the client attraction funnel. And if you're not, I'm just going to give you a quick overview of what I mean here. Now a client attraction funnel is divided into three different phases. We've got the attract, the nurture and the convert phase. And it's so important to set up this system in your business so you can move someone through from being a cold lead to a hot lead to eventually being a customer. So what we call the attract phase in the marketing world is the traffic and lead generation phase. So what you want to do here is to get as many eyes in front of your content or your business as possible so more people get to know who you are, right? So picture this, you drive past a gym every single day on the way home. You look at it, but you don't take any action. You think one day I'll go there. But suddenly one day you drive past the gym and you see that they're offering a new brand new free offer. You get a one month free trial to the gym, no risk, no commitment, no sign up. So immediately we're thinking, yeah, that sounds like a great idea. I'm going to give it a go. And what they've done here is just offered you an incentive to attract you, to get you through the door. And when you step foot in the door, that's when they're going to wow you and hopefully to retain you. So on the front end of the funnel, just like these free gym trials or memberships, you want to offer an incentive for someone to take that next step. So this is what we're going to be talking about here in this lesson. In the online world, we use something called a lead magnet or a freebie to get people's attention, to offer them value and help them to make it easy to take that next step. So I'm going to talk about creating a lead magnet a little bit more in the next lesson. Basically in the attraction phase, that is where we get more eyes in front of your content. Now in the second phase, that is the nurture phase. So the nurture phase is once you get someone through the door, you want to build a relationship. You want to build a connection and you want to build that know, like, and trust factor. So this is where you start nurturing people with valuable content over there. And you can do it through, you know, direct messaging, you know, having conversations and building connection with people. You can also do it through email marketing. And this is what we're going to focus on in this particular module here on the program. And then of course there's other avenues like blog writing, Facebook group or video trainings. And then once someone gets to know you enough, you're going to ask for the dance and start to convert them. And that's when you progress them on through the funnel and offer them to go on a sales call with you, offer them to apply for your program, invite them to a webinar to convert them. So there's a lot of different ways to move people through the funnel. And we know that you might perhaps start with 3000 people on the top end of the funnel, but by the end, you may only have 200 people left, but these 200 people have been pre-qualified. And so when they are on a sales call, you know that they're much, much warmer and you have the right crowd on the call. So if you're new to this term, you may not know what a lead magnet means. So a lead magnet is simply a freebie or an incentive that you offer someone in exchange for their information. And so you're asking for things like name, it may just be the first name and you're asking for the email address. Now I've seen some people asking for phone numbers, but I do think in the first step, the first phase, you're not going to ask someone for the phone number because it makes it harder for them to give you that information, whereas email addresses are easy to give out. So the whole point of having a lead magnet in place is just so you can attract more people into your world. And so you have more opportunities to convert someone into a lead for your business because they could become potential clients. So this is another way to look at it, where you're progressing someone through from being a cold traffic week. They may have just come across your account on Instagram or Facebook or Google and they don't know you at all. So we call them a cold lead and they're less likely to take any sales decision or action to become a customer. But the more you nurture them, the more they get to know you. This is when they become a warmer lead and they start to engage with your content. They start to like or comment on your post. They might download your freebie. They might watch your webinar. They might send you a DM, right? So these are warm leads. And then eventually as time goes by, they're going to become a hot lead when they start to maybe take the next bigger step, joining your waitlist or booking a sales call, applying for your program, right? So when someone's a hot lead, they're more likely to buy. So the important thing to note here is there needs to be a process to step them through each step. So they go from being a cold lead to a hot lead. So another just few benefits that I want to talk about having a lead magnet in place is you get to really offer value. You offer value, you're serving people, you're giving away something for free in exchange for the hen for the dance, right? You want to start to build that nurture and trust process because it starts to elevate you. You know, when you're putting yourself out there, you start to be seen as the authority in that field. So you're building that relationship and that connection. And then once you have someone's email address, then you can start to email them and build up your email list. And so this is where we start talking about an email nurture sequence in a further lesson here on the module, okay? And then we'll also take you through how to segment your list and have different categories of people within your list as well. So if you have a certain specific promo for a specific category of people on your list, then you can email some groups of people as you need to. Now one thing that's really important to note here is that a lead magnet is not the same as an opt-in. So an opt-in is really just asking for someone's name and email address to join your newsletter, for example, or to be kept up to date with latest news. And I find that opt-ins are not really that effective anymore. is just newsletter. People often just see that and click off because it's not relevant for them. They don't really want to know what's happening in their business. They want to know what's helpful for them. And so I find that lead magnets and having emails that actually direct to the point that tells a story that perhaps ask for them to become a client or to take the next step tends to be more effective. But opt-ins are still really helpful to grow your email list. So I just wanted to add here, if you have a discovery call booking or an application form, just add a tick box right to the bottom to say that, you know, tick here if you agree to subscribe to a mailing list to be kept up to date with any news or updates and things like that. And then you can also add people to your general emails that you can send out regular important upgrades or trainings or any information that's relevant to them. So in this slide, I just want to quickly mention that email list. So on this slide, I just want to quickly mention that a lead magnet is very different to an opt-in. So you may have gone to someone's website before where at the bottom it says, put your name and email address to be added to our email list. So you can opt-in to newsletters and news and updates from our business. So that is helpful as a way to grow your email list. I do find that lead magnets are so much more effective in getting people's information, but you don't want to miss the opportunity. So if you have something like a booking form or an application form, or even, you know, any sort of places that you can put it in, you can ask people to put in the details to be added to your email list. So you just need to include a little tick box on those pages to get people's permission to email them. And then eventually you can add them to your email list and nurture them through your emails as well. Okay. So I just wanted to quickly explain that difference there. Now that's it for this lesson on the client attraction system. In the next lesson, I'm going to take you through the how to in terms of creating a profitable lead magnet. And what I want you to do in those lessons is to start to reflect on what kind of lead magnet you can create and how you can use it to attract more people into your world. I'll see you over in the next lesson.
