---
Source Program: Momentum Club
File Name: Module 6.4.mp4
---

Hey there, welcome back to lesson four. Now in this lesson, I'm going to take you through how to scale your business using a product suite model. Now another term for a product suite is the essential model in your business. And you may have heard me use this term before. And essentially what I'm going to be teaching you is how you can scale and grow your business by having different layers of offers within your business. And what you're essentially doing here is you're creating a different type of offer for a different, slightly different type of consumer at different price point. So what you can see here on the screen is the triangle or the pyramid. And that's very similar to our food pyramid here in Australia. Back in the days we use that. I know some parts of the country, you guys are still using food pyramid, but basically here you can see there's three different layers. There can be more layers, but I think for most businesses, you only really need three layers. So you've got your high ticket offers right here on top. You've got your mid ticket offer right in the middle, and then your low ticket offer right at the bottom. So at the bottom end, these are your lowest price products or your freebies as well. That can be included there. And then you've got your mid ticket, which is a little bit more pricey. And then you've got your high ticket items or products, which are your most expensive. When it's more expensive, you're obviously going to have less people who are willing to invest at that price point. And so this is really going to help you by adding or having different layers available in your business and different offers available to people who can invest at different price point. So next up on this slide, you're going to see, I've just put a representation as an example here of the number of people you can put into those funnel. So for example, here, we've got your high ticket programs. Now, your high ticket items are things like your private coaching program. You might have a one hour, two hour intensive or half day VIP intensive where you can then charge very high prices for it because it means higher touch points with you. Now, because of that, people were spending more time with you within those coaching capacity. You won't be able to take on as many people because your time is a limited resource. And so you're going to max out really quickly. And that's where you would want to limit the number of spots available for this. So let's say we've got three people going to that program. And then you've got your mid ticket item here, your product there, which you can fit more people in there at one time. So this could look something like a group coaching program where you might have eight people going in at one time. And finally, here in the bottom layer, you've got the low ticket offer, which means that more people will be able to come in because it's a lower price point. So I've just put here an example of 20 people purchasing a low ticket item, which could be, say, your self paced courses or your paid webinars. And so having these different layers available will enable people to work with you at different price points. And what can sometimes happen? This is really cool here. Let's say you have someone purchase a self paced course, and they realize that, oh, hang on, I've got all this information, which is great, but I actually don't know how to apply it. I need accountability. And because your self paced courses would probably have very, very limited support from it could be a Facebook group, Q&A, or you might run like a monthly coaching call for everyone within your program. You might have a lot of people within that program. And so what they might want for someone who needed more intensive support, or if there are more complex in the condition, they need that one on one touch point with you. And that's when someone can purchase the low ticket offer and move through to go to your high ticket offer there and upgrade. So that's what we call a customer lifetime value or customer journey, where they might come in at the lower price point, they get a taste of what it's like working with you, they get blown away by your offer, and then they decide to upgrade. Now in terms of price point and what you would charge, this is obviously an estimate, but I know a lot of people ask this question. So I'm going to give you some examples here. Now with your high ticket offer, you would want to charge anywhere between 1500 to however much you want to charge, right? There are some business coaches that charges 10, 20, 30k to work with them. And it just really depends on which niche you're in. Okay, and then your mid ticket offer would be around about the 850 up to 1500. I would say most people would be charging around 1000 to 1200 in that mid tier level. And then you've got your low ticket offer, which would be really low price point. So it can range from say $27 for a recipe ebook to about $150 or $149. So you want to keep that relatively low, or you could also have say, like a self paced course that you want to sell. And this could be just a direct replica of your full signature program, but just available as a self paced option. And that can be priced anywhere between $197 to $497. Okay, so hopefully that gives you an idea of different price points. Now I've also listed on here on the slide some different ideas of what you can sell through those different layers. So for example, we've got your high ticket here, which involves your private coaching one on one program. So these are all the one on one touch point programs for people. Or you could do like a one on one intensive, so it could be 90 minutes, it could be like a VIP day or something like that, or VIP workshop with one person. So that's a lot more time intensive for you and also the most expensive. And then you've got your mid ticket there, which is like your group program. And in terms of low ticket offers, there's so many options for you to consider. So like I mentioned earlier, you can do a self paced course, any kind of digital downloads or templates, meal plans, recipe ebooks, you could do half day paid webinars or workshop, you could do as a two part workshops as well. Or you can also do memberships. Now earlier on, remember, I mentioned that someone may purchase your low T. So earlier on, you might remember that I mentioned someone could purchase your low T offer and then upgrade to your high ticket offer. And you could also offer it as a the other way around option, which means someone may work with you privately or through your group coaching program, and they want to keep working with you like you know, the three months might be up or the six months might be up and they still need help and accountability. And that's when you could offer a low ticket offer, something called memberships. And memberships are subscription based. So they could continue to access your support either on a monthly or three monthly basis. And that will enable them to stay connected to you and get help for as long as they need. So we often offer this level of support for our clients who have done our program, they go into our alumni program. And I'm going to mention a little bit about this in the where to from here video in the next training, where I'm going to chat through how you can continue to access support from us on our programs. You might be someone who has grown your business to the point where you want to look at adding in a product suite. And that's what we are going to cover in the follow on programs like the inner circle mastermind or the alumni program where we'll support you to then add on the additional layers of office into your business. So you can scale to six figures and beyond. So often clients who get into our inner circle mastermind are the ones who have very close to hitting that 10k a month in your business, and they're ready to take it to multiple five figure months and beyond. And so if you're someone who's really keen on growing and scaling your business further with all the other elements, do feel free to come and chat to me about the inner circle mastermind. Now, here, I want to show you some of the different price points and how you can add them on and stack them on in your business to get closer to your dream income. So for example, here, we've got your high ticket offer, your private coaching, and these are per quarters every three months. So let's say, for example, you really want to limit the amount of private coaching spots in your business. Let's say we price it at twenty five hundred and you sell that to four people. That's a 10k revenue in the three months. And then you stack on as the next layer of offer your mid ticket program, which is your group program. And if you sell that at a thousand dollars each and you sell eight spots within your group program, that's an income of eight thousand dollars for that quarter. And you can obviously have as many groups as you want. You don't have to wait for one group to finish to add on the next group. You can certainly have groups running concurrently. And then once you've done that, you can then look at self-paced courses and say if you sold that at four ninety seven per course and have very limited support to you and you sell 20 units of that so you can sell so much more. That's around, again, very close at 10k income. And when you layer it all in, that's going to be around 30k per quarter, which will bring you to one hundred and ten K per year in terms of revenue. So by operating in this model, yes, it may seem like it's not a lot, but it's going to free up for so much more time so you can then add on additional groups. You can create more self-paced office. Now what I highly, highly recommend is do not do this the other way around. So I see a lot of business coaches out there teaching people to create courses that you don't even have to work with people one on one and you can just rely on selling courses or building passive income. What I often find is if it's your first time going online, you're new to the space, you don't even understand your niche very much. You're going to have a lot of trouble creating self-paced courses because you don't even know who you're creating it for and what they are looking for. And that's why I always, always recommend that you start off with your private coaching office, then go on to build and stack on group programs because you could essentially have your same program portal replicated for your group program. And then once you've got two of those offers, bring in the majority of your income, then you can go on to create lower ticket offers because remember, you need to sell a lot of these to make the same level of income, right? So what's really important to recognize here is that you want to have those two core office build out and your foundation solidified before you go on and build the other ones. And that's exactly what we're going to help you with to build this strategy, to get you a lot more confident with adding the different layers into your program. And what you can start off by doing here is to start to envision what your product suite could look like. I've got a worksheet in the download section, which you can pull out and start envisioning and putting in the different types of offers that you can provide to your audience and the revenue that you would envision to make. So you can do a little bit of exercise here and future pace and think about what you would like to create. And in the next video, I'm going to chat about your next steps and what it looks like going forward from here. And like I mentioned, if you're someone who's getting really good results and you're so keen to continue to dive deeper and grow and stack on your offers, I would love to chat to you about ongoing options for working together. So that's it for this training. I'll see you in the next training.
