---
Source Program: Momentum Club
File Name: Module 1.5.mp4
---

Hello there. So in this lesson here, I'm going to talk about how to choose the best email marketing platform that's right for you and your business right now. So there are so many email marketing platforms out there, as you can see on the list, I've just popped up some of the most popular ones like MailChimp, MailerLite, ConvertKit, Active Campaign, Flowdesk, Aweber, Ontraport or Kajabi, which is an all-in-one platform that we use for our courses and it does have an email marketing feature as well. So there's really a lot of options here and what you end up choosing is based on the features that you need and your budget. There is really no perfect option because each one has got its pros and cons and things that you may not like and it's important to recognize that it's just really about picking the best one that suits you right now and then you can always upgrade and change your email marketing platform later if you really don't like it. Some of the key things that I want you to consider when you're picking a platform is to give it a try. You want to just go in there, use it, look for the ease of use. You want to make sure that you know and it feels intuitive to you as well. And the second thing is, of course, the cost of it. You want to make sure that suits your budget. And third thing is the deliverability, which is really the key. You want to make sure that when you send out an email that people on your list actually get it. There's some platforms or tools that are known for very low deliverability. They might be cheap and it often goes to the spam or junk folder or the promotions folder in Gmail. So these are some really important things to consider because it could affect whether or not people see your email, open it up and take the action that you want them to take. I often get asked about MailChimp, which is it has a free tier, so it's really easy to get started. It's free, but I actually don't recommend that you use MailChimp. OK, I've put in orange the two top ones that I recommend, which is ConvertKit and Active Campaign, because it does grow with your business. It does have really good features for you to tag or segment your list, whereas MailChimp is very limited and it doesn't really grow with you. When your email list gets bigger, it's when you start getting charged a lot. So I don't actually recommend MailChimp. It's more suitable for product based or e-commerce businesses, from my opinion. And if you're a service based business, which we all are, I would recommend either ConvertKit or Active Campaign. So I'm going to talk about them a little bit more in the next few slides, but I'll quickly just cover Flowdesk here because that's another really popular one that's up and coming. And a lot of people have been asking me about it. So the advantage about Flowdesk is that it's got beautifully designed templates, the email looks beautiful. You can put in nice pictures and different fonts and things like that to it. And they sell themselves as being a female operated business. So it's created for female entrepreneurs who are not great, may not feel comfortable with tech. But from my opinion, I've looked at Flowdesk and there are some limitations with it. Like it doesn't really allow you to segment your list very well. So if you are further along in your business later and you want to do some more advanced segmenting or tagging of your list, it does become an issue. And the other bigger problem with Flowdesk is that it's not GDPR compliant from my research right now. So GDPR is some laws that's executed by the European Union where you need double opt-ins and things like that. So I'm not going to go too deep into GDPR compliance here, but what I need you to understand is that you're going to have an issue if you do market to people in the European Union. For a lot of us, we're online, so our business is global. We do market to people globally and that is a potential issue, whereas ConvertKit and ActiveCampaign are both GDPR compliant. Okay, so let's go into ConvertKit, which is the one that I recommend if you're brand new to email marketing and this is your first marketing platform, I recommend ConvertKit. It is fairly easy to use and you can start with a free tier. The free tier allows you to have up to a thousand subscribers, but the limitation here is that on the free tier, you can't do any automation. So if you're in the free tier, someone downloads your lead magnet, they just get that first email that delivers their lead magnet. So you can customize that first email, but you really then can't have a sequence automated that you set up that sends out to them based on when they send out. So that nurture sequence that I talked about in the last lesson. If you want to do that nurture sequence, that's when you think about the paid plans. So they have really affordable paid plans here and it starts at $9 a month for up to 300 subscribers. So like I said, if you're brand new, this is quite an affordable place to start with. And as your email list grows and you have more people, so I believe for up to a thousand subscribers is $29 a month. And if it grows to 3000 followers, subscribers, it's $49 a month. So they only start to charge you more as you have more subscribers, but it's still really affordable compared to some other platforms. The great thing about ConvertKit is you can have a lead magnet and have people sign up to it without needing a website. So they've got a whole database of templates for landing pages. You can basically just pick what you like and then use it straight away. So you can literally set up your lead magnet on the platform within a day really quickly. And you can segment your list as well. So let's say if you're putting out a lead magnet, that's a cheat guide for vegan meal planning. So people who download this particular lead magnet will have a tag on your list to say that they downloaded this one. So in the future, if you put out a second lead magnet, let's say it's about preventing nutritional gaps or nutrients that need to be aware of, you can create another tag for those people who download that particular lead magnet. So you can send different emails to those people. And in the future, if you create products or have launches that specific for that segment of your list, then you can send out emails just to those people. So that's where it can really grow with your business as you get more advanced, allows you to do more intermediate to advanced segmenting and automations. So that's what it looks like when you set up your automated nurture email sequence on the platform. You basically have someone sign up and then it takes them through all the different emails and steps. And I know that it can be over your head right now. You might not completely understand what this means. We're going to have trainings that takes you through how to upload your lead magnet to your email marketing platform on ConvertKit and how to set up these nurture email sequences. So don't stress about it. This is just really to give you an overview there. And the next platform that I want to talk about here is ActiveCampaign. So that's what I personally use in my business. I certainly don't recommend using this when you're first starting out because it is just a little bit more technical and complex to understand, but it allows you to do advanced automation. So if you're someone who's further along, certainly ActiveCampaign will be a great one to upgrade to from ConvertKit if you were looking at upgrading later on. And the beauty of this is that they do provide free help to migrate your list over from ConvertKit to ActiveCampaign. So if you need to grow and change later, you can easily make that switch. Now the thing about ActiveCampaign is that it only has paid tiers. So you can't get a free tier like ConvertKit, but you can get started with a free trial for 14 days. So I've put my affiliate link in the description section below. You can use my affiliate link to sign up for the free trial and see what you think about it. And like I said earlier, this is the best option if you have intermediate experience with email marketing. It's got tons of great features like adding tags to segment your list. You can do split testing, which is what we call A-B testing to see what kind of emails perform better as part of your email automation. And because this is a little bit more advanced, they don't generally provide email templates for landing pages and things. So you do want to have a website that you can use to create your landing page for the upturn form. And that's where it just gets a little bit more complex if you're in the beginning stages. The other tool that I use to integrate, the other thing that I love about ActiveCampaign is that it speaks to a lot of other tools that I use in my business, so it makes it easier for me to automate. So for example, I do my coaching application form on Typeform. So Typeform speaks to ActiveCampaign, so I create that to link up together and then it speaks to other tools or platforms that I use. So it's really good when you want to automate things later on in your business. So that's it all. So that's it for now for this lesson. I just really want to give you an overview to know which marketing platform is what I recommend. And like I said, ConvertKit is great if you're starting out or ActiveCampaign if you're a little bit further along. In the next few lessons, we're going to talk about how to use ConvertKit and show you step by step format of how to attach your freebie and set up that nurture email sequence. We'll see you over there.
