---
Source Program: Momentum Club
File Name: Module 2.5.mp4
---

Welcome to lesson five. So in this lesson here, I'm going to take you through how to design your program deliverables. We're going to look at the different types of adult learning styles, so you can start to think about how to create content that caters for the different learning styles. You'll think about what to include, such as your support elements and some of the common pitfalls to avoid, so you can get your clients from the start of your program right through to the very end. So you may or may not be familiar with the different adult learning styles already. So there's three key main types. We've got your visual learners, we've got your auditory learners, and then your kinesthetic learners as well. And it's important to consider content that caters to the different types of learners. So people get to stay engaged with your content and go from the start to the end of your program. So first up, we've got your visual learners. These people learn through images, diagrams, looking at lists, or even practical demonstrations as well. And this can be really helpful, especially if you're trying to explain how physiology works, digestion works, or the different things works, it would be really helpful to include diagrams to show people as you're taking them through the different processes. Or for example, if you're trying to show them how to do meal planning, and that's when demonstrations can be really helpful, screen sharing what you're teaching and then taking them through it step by step. And next up, we've got your auditory learners. So these people learn through lecture style instructions. They like to learn through discussing the concepts, and then hearing you talk about it step by step. So this is exactly what I'm doing here, showing you through how to develop your program step by step. And I'm going to go through to different practical demonstrations in the program. And you'll see different things such as. So let's talk about the different adult learning styles. You may or may not already be familiar with this concept, but there's three key types of learning styles. We've got people who learn through visual, people who learn through listening, your auditory learners, and then people who learn through kinesthetic. So let's look at the different types of adult learning styles. So essentially, there's three key types. You've got your visual learners, your auditory learners, and your kinesthetic learners. So visual learners here, they learn through looking at images, diagrams, lists, or practical demonstrations. So for example, if you're trying to explain to someone how digestion works, instead of just talking about it, what would be really helpful is having a diagram showing them the human body and explain each step to them without going too much in depth. But that really helps them to capture the essence of what you're saying. And then next up, we've got your auditory learners here. These people learn through listening. So they are people who enjoy going to lectures, talking about the concepts, discussing what they've just learned and hearing you talk about it step by step. So this is really helpful, especially in this lesson here, I'm doing an auditory style learning that captures the lecture. So next up, we've got your auditory learners. These people learn through listening. So this is exactly what I'm doing right here in this lesson. I am discussing the concepts, I'm taking you through each type of styles. So next up, we've got your auditory learners. So these people learn through listening, through lecture style instructions, by discussing the concepts that they've learned and also through step by step explanation. And this is exactly what I'm doing here in this lesson. And you're going to see all throughout the momentum program, I have included different types of learning. So next up, we've got your auditory learners. These people learn through listening, through lecture style. So next up, we've got your auditory learners. These people learn through listening to lecture style instructions, discussions and step by step explanation. And that's exactly what I'm doing here in this lesson. And then thirdly, we've got your kinesthetic learners. These people like to capture what they've learned and actually... And next up, we've got your kinesthetic learners. So these people like to take what they've learned and actually implement it. And that's how they learn best, by doing it. And they prefer to touch, to feel and implement what's being taught to really get the... So next up, we've got your kinesthetic learners. So these type of adult learning styles. So next up, we've got your kinesthetic learners. And these people learn by doing. They like to be able to take what they've learned and implement it and figure out how they feel through doing it. So it could be someone who likes to learn, break it down and then start to do it. So let's talk about the different types of adult learning styles. And there are three key types. So we've got your visual learners, we've got your auditory learners and then your kinesthetic learners. So visual learners like to look at images and diagrams, look at lists or even practical demonstrations as well to really capture what they've learned. So let's look at the different adult learning styles. There's three key types. So we've got your visual learners, we've got auditory learners and then your kinesthetic learners. So our visual learners here, they like to learn by looking. And so things like images, diagrams, lists and practical demonstrations are really helpful for them to understand a concept. So for example, if you're trying to explain to someone how digestion works, it will be best if you have a diagram that you can take them through and explain to them how digestion work on each part as they progress through the human digestive system. So let's talk about the different adult learning styles. So we've got three key types of learning styles. We've got your visual learners, your auditory learners and then your kinesthetic learners. So first up, your visual learners like to learn by looking at images, diagrams, lists or even practical demonstrations. So for example, if you're trying to explain to someone how digestion work instead of just explaining it, having a diagram and taking them through each step of the digestive process can be really helpful for them to capsulate what you're saying. And then we've got your auditory learners and these people learn best by listening. So things like lecture style instructions, discussions or step by step explanation of a concept can be really helpful. And that's exactly what I'm doing here in this lesson through a lecture style instruction. And finally, we've got your kinesthetic learners and these people learn best by doing. They like to take what they've learned and actually implement it to figure out how they feel and the thoughts that comes out from actually implementing that process. And most people will have more than one learning style. Personally, I like to learn by listening and actually having someone put up a diagram or flow chart or image as they're explaining it. So it's really important that when you're creating your program, you cater to different learning styles instead of just having one specific type of content where it's just straight up audio and instruction. You mix it up and you'll see on a program portal that we have exactly that. So we've mixed up lecture style instructions with screen share showing you step by step how to do something. And then we've got diagrams and images or even flow charts as well to show you how to implement an exact process. So just bear this in mind as you're creating your program to try and mix things up to keep it interesting. So just bear in mind as you're creating your program, try and mix it up to keep it interesting for the learner so we can continue to engage them and move them through your program. And this is another reason why I suggest that you guys use the hybrid program model. And I really believe in this being the best way for our clients to get results. And that's the exact reason why I recommend incorporating the hybrid program model in your program creation, because it mixes up things. And that's the exact reason why I recommend the hybrid program model, because it has a mix of elements between your program portal, having that tailored support with you where they get to discuss what they've learned and troubleshoot with you, and then having that community support. So it blends everything up and creates the optimal experience for your clients. Now, another common question that I get asked when it comes to creating your program outlines how many modules to include, how many lessons, how long the video should be. So this slide here will take you through exactly that. So first up, when you're creating your program outline, my recommendation is to go somewhere between five to eight modules. You don't want to have 15 modules when someone logs in, because it can be extremely overwhelming. And then within each module, try and keep it to about four to six lessons. Of course, this is a guide. If your lessons are really short, you can have a little bit more and that's not a problem. But what we want to do is to make sure that we don't overwhelm your clients with long lessons. So what I would recommend is keeping it to around 10 to 15 minutes per lesson, on average about 12 minutes. So it helps them to move through it and nothing beats completing a lesson and ticking the box to say that you've completed that. And it just gives you that feeling of achievement. And then when you're designing your program content, you want to make sure that you're only including core content that you teach every single person and take them through as you're resolving that problem. So you don't want to include too much fluff in there. Anything that is not common that you may want to include that could be helpful for them, then that can be included as a bonus, or you can talk about it with your clients depending on their individual requirements during your coaching sessions. And then I'm going to take you through what kind of additional deliverables and support elements to include and what kind of bonuses to include in your program as well. To get started with coming up with your program content, I recommend the sticky note tactic. So to get you started on creating your program content, we're going to start off. So at the end of this, so in the next lesson, I'm going to take you through how to actually come up with your program content using the sticky note technique. So this is what I do every time I come to create a new program, I need to come up with the ideas first about what to include and then be able to visualize where it all goes. So what I do is use sticky notes to put them on a whiteboard or on a table and start to move things around depending on where I see fit. So I'm going to take you through how to do it in the next lesson, but essentially coming up the sticky note. So in the next lesson, I'm going to show you how to come up with your program content. So in the next lesson, I'm going to show you how to come up with the exact content in your program. But right now, to get you started, what you can do is use the sticky note technique to start drafting your program content. So I like to be able to visualize something. So by writing my topic ideas on a sticky note, put them on a table or a flat surface like a whiteboard and start to move them around to where I see them fit. So once you have done this, you can start importing the information into the signature framework template, which I'll have available for you in the next lesson. And you're welcome to share that with us as well. And we can have a look and give you some feedback on your program framework. So in the next lesson, I'm going to take you through how to brainstorm your ideas for your program content. But I just wanted to quickly cover it with you right here. Using the sticky note technique, you can easily brainstorm your ideas and start to move things around to where you see fit. As you're in the brainstorming phase, you're going to. So in the next lesson, I'm going to take you through how to brainstorm the ideas for your program content and show you exactly how I do it for a new program. Now every time I go and create a new program, I have vague ideas in my mind about what I want to put in there. So the best way for me to actually confirm and solidify what I want to include is using the sticky note technique. So I'll start to write down some of my ideas on a sticky note and then start to move them around to where I see it best fit before I start to input it into my signature program framework template. And you'll find an exact copy of this template in the next lesson. And you're welcome to input your framework in there and then share it with us. And we can give you some feedback about what we think. And before you go and. So every time I go and create a new program, I like to. So every time I go and create a new program, I like to use the sticky note technique to brainstorm the ideas. So what I often do is I would start to jot down. So every time I create a new program, the first thing that I like to do. So every time I go and create. So every time I go and create a new program, I like to first start off with the brainstorming phase. And during this phase, what I do is use sticky notes to brainstorm my ideas. So in the next lesson, I'll actually take you through a practical demonstration of how I do this. So you can also use it to brainstorm your ideas. And once I have all my ideas in place and solidify my program framework, I'll input that into my signature program framework template. And I have made this available for you as well to help you with your planning. And you'll find this in the next lesson. You're certainly welcome to share your framework with us for feedback. And we can look through it and go through it with you to give you some more ideas if anything needs to be tweaked. And I want you guys to bear in mind that you're not just creating a course to give people information about a condition or how to fix their problem. It's also about creating an experience for your clients as they move through your program. So put yourself in their shoes and think about what kind of things they want to learn and how you can help them best learn the concepts and the information so they can go from learning to implementation and getting results. Next up, let's look at the program deliverables. So these are information. So next up, let's look at the program deliverables. So these are different ways that you can deliver your content to your clients so you can through. So next up, let's look at your program deliverables. You can look at different ways of. So next up, let's look at your program deliverables. So there are multiple different ways you can deliver the information or your content to your clients. You can do it through prerecorded videos, audio only lessons. So this is maybe just through an MP4 recording. So next up, let's look at program deliverables. So there are multiple different ways for you to deliver. So next up, let's look at your program deliverables. So these are different methods which you can deliver your content or the information to your clients while on your program. So you can do it through prerecorded videos, which is exactly what we do here in the program. You can do it through audio only lessons. So this can be helpful for things like meditations or different things that doesn't require you to show your face. And then you can also transcribe what you've learned into a PDF. And you and you can also transcribe what you've taught into written words. And you can also transcribe what you've described. And you can also transcribe your videos into written PDF. And you can also transcribe your lessons into a PDF so it can help for those people who likes to learn through visual and reading. And of course, you can have a lot of different downloadables to support your lesson content. So you can include things like meal planners, shopping lists, fiber counter, you can create fillable worksheets or PDFs, which they can type in there and save it. You can include recipes, checklists or cheat sheets where they can print it off and interact and tick things off the lists. You can have treatment plans as well. And then recording of guest interviews or masterclasses or workshops to get your clients to implement what they've learned. You can also include assessments or quizzes. So right here on the Kajabi platform, you can incorporate assessments and quizzes really easily and intersperse that throughout your lessons to get your clients to assess what they've learned. 


A really fun way to help them solidify what they've learned before they move on to the next lesson. And then you may also consider a private podcast. This is probably something that would suggest for much later when you're more advanced with your program, because this can be a little bit more expensive and time consuming as well if you want to. So next up, let's look at your program deliverables. So these are the different ways that you can consider to deliver your program content to your clients. So you can do it through pre-recorded videos, which is what we're doing here. We create it once and then we get clients to consume it multiple times. So it can be a really effective way to deliver your content. You can transcribe it into a PDF. So for those people who like to read and process the information, that can be really helpful. You could have audio only lessons. So these can be helpful for those of you who may do things like meditation in the yoga space. That can be helpful for people to not get distracted by only listen and learn from that. And then you can create downloadables to support each lesson as well. So you could have things like meal planners, shopping lists, fiber counters, or you can create worksheets or workbooks for people to fill in. And I'll include a link in the section below so you know what you can use to create these fillable fields within your workbook or worksheets. And you can have recipes, you can have checklists or cheat sheets that people can print off and put on their fridge, and treatment plans as well. And then next up, you can have recordings of guest interviews where you can include as a bonus. So these are maybe interviews with experts in different fields that can complement what you teach your clients as well. You can even run challenges as well, which people can do in their own time. And then you've got assessments or quizzes. So this can be a really fun way for you to get your clients to test your knowledge before they progress on to the next lesson. So on a platform like Kajabi here, you could infuse quizzes all throughout your lessons or modules so they can test their own knowledge before moving on just to make sure that they know that they have learned something and understood what they've learned. So next up, we've got assessment or quizzes. And this can be a really fun and cool way to engage your audience or your clients to make sure that they've understood the concepts they've learned before moving on to the next one. So for a platform like this, which you're on Kajabi right here, you can infuse quizzes and assessments right within the platform. So this can be a really cool way. So next up, we've got assessment or quizzes. And this can be a really cool and fun way to test your clients knowledge on what they've learned so far before progressing on to the next one. And everyone loves doing quizzes. So this can be a really fun way to get them to understand. So next up, we've got assessment or quizzes. Who doesn't like to do a quiz, right? And it can be a really fun way for you to get your clients to test their knowledge to make sure that they've understood the concepts of what they've learned before progressing on to the next lesson. So within a platform like this on Kajabi, you can easily create assessments and quizzes within the platform and intersperse them throughout your program. And then next up, you've got private podcast. That's a little bit more time consuming and advanced. I probably don't recommend it if this is your first program that you're creating. And then we've got your tools, softwares, or calculators. So when it comes to tools, it could be something like a meal planning platform. So I've got clients who work in the weight loss niche or bariatric surgery niche. So they often get clients on to meal plans, and we know how time consuming it can be. So they might include meal planning softwares as part of their client's enrollment in the program, something like EatLovePro or EatByDesign, where you can sign your clients up to the platform, design a meal plan or a specific requirement set plan for them, and the clients can go into those platform and get their meal plans on there. And then there are different things that you can create. For example, on this program, we've got a financial forecast spreadsheet. So you can input what your goals are and it will forecast where you're tracking accordingly. And then next up, we've got tools, softwares, and calculators that you can think about including in your program. So for example, there's lots of cool tools that you can incorporate. I've got clients who... So next up, you can consider including things like tools, softwares, or calculators in your program deliverables. So for example, I've got clients in the weight loss niche or bariatric surgery niche, and they often give their clients meal plans, but we know how time consuming this process can be creating a meal plan from... So next up, we've got tools, softwares, and calculators that you can think about including in your program. So for example, I've got clients in the weight loss or bariatric surgery niche, and they often create meal plans for their clients, but think about how time consuming this process can be creating it from scratch. So that's where they might incorporate meal planning platforms or softwares like EatLovePro or even EatByDesign as part of their client's enrollment. So they can go in there, set out a plan, and then get their clients to log in, and these platforms will take care of the rest and design that meal plan for the client. So it doesn't require a lot of time and work for the dietician. And then there are different softwares and calculators that you can put together. Obviously, these are a little bit more time consuming, but just to give you an example, we've got a financial forecast spreadsheet that we've designed for you guys on the program. So you can go in there, input what your program prices are, what your goals are, and it'll work out how many units of each program you need to sell to meet your goals. And another example could be if you're in the bariatric surgery niche, you might want to create something like a protein counter for them so that they can work out how to best spread their protein intake throughout the day to meet their requirements. And then last on the list, we've got a welcome gift box. Now this is optional, but I love getting gifts from people. That's just one of my love language, and I love giving gifts as well. So as part of our program welcome, we do sometimes send out welcome gifts for our clients. And in there, you could think about creating stuff like including a workbook of all your program materials that you can print out, you might want to include a nice welcome gift to wow your clients. And I think around a budget of $50 to $70 will be more than enough. And for those of you who are launching your program for the first time, you may not get to this stage yet, but as you progress and grow your program, you can start thinking about sending people gifts in the mailbox. Let's look at all the different support elements that you can include in your program to supplement the online portal. So this is where you might include private coaching sessions with your clients one-on-one, or look at running live group coaching calls to answer your client's questions and offer support. Or you could even run live Q&A calls as well within Facebook group or office hours so you can answer people's questions as they go along, as they consume your materials. Or if you are short on time, or if you've got clients all over the world and it's hard to find a time that suits everyone, you can look at having Q&A's on forums. And these don't require live support so you don't have to have everyone on at the same time. You can simply get people to post their questions within these forums or Facebook group, or Kajabi has a community forum option as well. And then you can go in and answer questions at your own time. Of course, there is email support as well, but I know how time consuming this can be. So if that's the case for you, you might want to consider all the other elements of providing support live, or look at using things like check-in forms, which you could send out and automate to your clients every fortnight or once a week, asking them to answer a series of questions, setting, checking in to make sure that they're doing okay, and then they could ask you questions and ask for support. And another cool idea is doing loom recordings. So if you do a lot of audits like food supplement. So next up, let's look at all these support elements that you can include in your program to supplement your training portal. So there are a lot of different elements. So of course, most of you will be familiar with the private sessions. You can also include live elements through group coaching, or even answering live Q&A's on Facebook groups or office hour. Or if you're someone who's short on time, or if you've got clients all around the world and it's hard to find a time zone that suits everyone, you could offer Q&A support on forums, on Facebook group, or Kajabi. In the program portal, you can create a community option, which people can post their questions, and then you can go on and answer it at your own time. So this can really suit you if you're a busy mom, or you have very limited time available for live support elements. And this can be something really fun and cool to add on. And then you've got email support as well, but this can be really time consuming. So for me, I don't like to stay in my inbox for hours each day. So I try and get people to hop on to office hour or ask questions within the live group coaching calls. The other option is looking at having check-in forms. So this is where it can really help with accountability for your clients. So you might automate a check-in form to go out to your clients, either weekly or bi-weekly, and getting them to fill in a series of questions to check in and let you know how they're progressing, what they're struggling with, and also letting you know on their results or things that you want to check in about, like their weight, the objective stuff. And then next up, we've got your check-in forms. So this can be really handy, especially to add that accountability element to your program. So you might want to set this up and automate a check-in form to be sent out to your clients once a week or once a fortnight. And in there, you can ask questions to obtain objective data, like if you're in the weight loss niche, you might be asking for their weight or their measurements. You can get them to let you know how they're progressing and also ask questions as well, so you can offer support in a prompt manner. So next up, we've got your check-in forms. So this can be really handy, especially if you want to include an accountability element in your program. So you could automate an email to go out to your clients once a week or bi-weekly to get them to check in with you. So you might ask questions about objective measurements, like if you're in the weight loss niche, you could ask for their weight or their waist measurements. You could ask them to report to you on the progress and let you know if they're struggling with anything. So this can be helpful for you to provide that timely feedback instead of waiting for the next coaching session. And then you could also consider doing a loom recording of feedback as well, if you don't have a lot of live support elements. So for example, if you do a lot of food diary audits or supplement plan reviews, you could do a loom recording, which is when you're recording your screen and talking someone through feedback and suggestions. So this can be really helpful because it doesn't require any live support time and it can be done at a time that suits you. And then next up is Voxer or WhatsApp. This isn't a really popular option in the nutrition coaching space. So next up, we've got Voxer or WhatsApp support. So this can be really helpful for voice or messaging support. Now just note that these are not HIPAA compliant. So if you're living in an area where you've got strict HIPAA compliance rules, then this isn't an option. You could consider using the messaging app on practice better. So next up, you can look at including voice or messaging support as part of your program. So next up, you can look at including voice or messaging support as part of your program So next up, you can look at including voice or messaging support elements in your program. So there is Voxer for voice or text messaging and the same with WhatsApp as well. So next up, you can look at including voice or messaging So next up, you can look at voice or messaging support elements in your program. So you can use apps like Voxer or WhatsApp. These are free to download and that allows you to send voice or messaging message. So next up, you can look at including voice or messaging support elements in your program. So you can use apps like Voxer or WhatsApp, which you can easily download on apps like Voxer or WhatsApp, which you can easily download on your phone. But if you're living in a region where there's strict HIPAA compliance rules, then you might want to look at something like practice better, which is a secure messaging app that you can use to communicate with your clients, allowing them to attach pictures of what they're eating and be able to reach out to you for more prompt support as well. Now, the next question that I get is how to actually create the content within your program. So Canva is my hot favorite. I use this so often, every single day, in fact, and I use it to create my slide deck for all my lessons here and also any handouts that accompanies the lessons as well. But I know that sometimes you may have handouts that includes food lists. So you might want to look at that as well. So you might want to look at handouts that includes food lists or tables that may not be easily available on Canva. So that's when I use Microsoft Word to create these resources. And then I might jump on to Canva to create a beautiful cover image. So the next question I get is how to actually create content for your program. So the key tool or app. So the next question that I get is how to create content for your program. So the key favorite I use here is Canva. I use Canva to create all my slide deck and any handouts that accompanies these lessons as well. But I get that sometimes you may have really long lists, like food lists, shopping lists, or even tables or counters as well that you might include. So that's when Microsoft Word, good old Microsoft Word, can be really handy. So you can create it there, convert it into a PDF, and then I'll jump on to Canva, create a beautiful cover image, and merge them together. So there's a tool that I'll include at the bottom of this video in the description section for you to use to create and merge PDFs together. And then you've got Creative Market as well. So if you are someone who is not so good with design, Creative Market has a bunch of designer... So the next question that I get is how to create the actual content that goes into your program. So the key tool that I use for all my program creation is Canva. I use it every single day for graphic design. So the next question that I get is how to actually create the content for your program. So the number one tool that I use is Canva. I use it every single day for graphic design, and it makes my life and job so much easier. So for example, for all our program slide deck and handouts, I would use Canva for that. And then if there's anything that requires tables or lists, which are a lot more comprehensive, and I find that's too tricky to create on Canva, then I'll use the good old Microsoft Word to create these. And then I'll convert it into a PDF and then jump onto Canva to create a beautiful cover page. And then I'll merge them together using a website called PDF Merge. So I'll drop a link in the description below for you as well so you can use it. And next one is Creative Market. So if you're someone who's creatively challenged, Creative Market can be a really great option for you to purchase a whole bunch of pre-designed templates. They've got things like logos that you can purchase. They have got presentation slide decks, handout templates, and even Instagram or social media templates as well, which can make it so much easier for you. And then finally, I'm going to finish off with delivery methods. So how do you actually deliver your content? So the easiest and simplest way is through screen sharing. So this is the best option, especially if it is the first time that you're jumping on to create your program. You want to make this process as easy as possible and not do things that are too fancy or complicated because it will really slow you down. So the best option is doing screen sharing, which is exactly what I'm doing here. And then I'm doing a voiceover in this lesson. And in specific lessons, I would like to turn on my webcam so you can see me explaining it. And this can be really helpful for lessons where you want to keep people engaged and show them your emotions and talk them through the process. So finally, let's talk about delivery methods, how to deliver the content within your program. Now, the simplest and easiest way for you to get started, especially if this is your first time creating a program, is using screen share. This is exactly what I'm doing here. It does make it so much easier for you. And you just have to do a voiceover and explain everything that you're trying to convey in words on the slide. And then through my voiceover, I'm explaining these concepts to you. And in certain lessons, I may choose to turn on my camera so you can see me. By most lessons, I'm doing a voiceover so I can record it at any time of the day. In fact, I'm recording this lesson with my pajama pants on.


And no one knows, right? So that can be a really easy way for you to get your content and slides out there really quickly. Next option is you could do a direct face to camera. So I like to do this for an introduction video. And this is a little bit more fancy because you might want to get a good camera, but of course you can easily record something like that using your iPhone or your smartphone because these days they are pretty good quality. So that can be a really good way to introduce people into your program. And that's great because they can see you, they can see emotions and feel your excitement as well. This method here is also referred to as a talking head video. And then next up, you could have your face to camera option where you might teach people concepts through a whiteboard. So that's what you're seeing here on this laptop screen. It does require a little bit more pre-planning so you know how to structure your lesson, but otherwise you can also use a digital whiteboard as well, which you can find on Zoom. You can just turn on screen share and have the digital whiteboard on and explain to people concepts as you go. Now, lastly, I want to talk about some of the common pitfalls to avoid when it comes to creating your program. I want you to be really mindful. And I've said it multiple times here that you're not here to get someone all the information that you've learned over your nutrition degree and your experience so far. They're here to learn exactly what they need to get them results. So don't convey your information in a boring... So lastly, I just want to talk about some of the common pitfalls that you need to avoid when it comes to creating your program. First up, be very mindful not to turn your program or your slides into a science lecture. All our clients are here to learn exactly what they need to know to get them results. So you don't want them to sit through hours and hours of boring, monotonous information to learn what they need. And remember that more information does not equate to more results for them. Simple is sometimes more. And just make sure that when you're teaching that your concepts flow through from one module to the next. So stack on the concepts and you may even refer back to previous lessons to help solidify what they've learned so far. Keep your lesson short to the point and sharpen, like I said, an average of 12 minutes is best. And make sure that the information that you're providing them is actionable and practical as well. And lastly, you want people to complete the program. So tease what is coming up next to get them to keep moving through. And remember to always point them back to your roadmap so they know how you're progressing through. So that's all for this lesson here. Go to the Profitable Program Workbook. So that's it for this lesson here. Go on to the Profitable Program Workbook and it's now time for you to action what you've learned and start to bring your ideas to life. I'll see you over in the next lesson.
