---
Source Program: Momentum Club
File Name: Module 2.6-Gsheet.mp4
---

Alright, so I'm going to step you through the signature framework template, so you can use it to create your outline and I'll explain to you how to use it. So the first thing that you'll need to do is click on the link below this video and it will take you through to the template that we've created for you. So you'll need to make a copy, so this will ensure that any changes that you make will be made on your copy instead and not on our original. So let's click on that and it'll take you to where it says copy of signature program framework and this will live on your own Google Drive. So the first thing you need to do is just to change the name and let's call this FODMAP focus program, which is one of my IBS program. And now the next thing that you'll need to do is to start populating your program name. So let's call it the FODMAP focus program and the next thing is, and the next thing is putting in a program tagline and the next thing is putting in a program tagline. So I'm going to use an example here. And once you've populated that, the next thing is to start adding in the details of your program. Now let's work from the top to the bottom and I've given you some examples here to get you started and give you an idea, bear in mind that you don't have to use them, but it's just to give you a rough overview of how to craft the introduction portion of your program. So the first one here, I've got a video that introduces people into the program. So I like to often do that as a face to camera video where people can see you and you can welcome them into the program and reaffirm the program promise, future pace it so they can visualize where they'll be at the end of your program. And here I like to include a program roadmap, just showing them and explaining how the roadmap works and I'll add that as a PDF here. So you can put in here a program roadmap as a PDF attachment to the video. And then the second video is how to navigate the program. So we like to give people a tour of the portal. The second video here is how to navigate the program. So the second video here is how to navigate their program. So I'd like to take people on a behind the scenes video tour of the portal to help them understand how to use different portion. So the second video here is how to navigate the program portal. So we like to take people through a behind the scenes tour or the portal so they know how to use the different components of it, how to access different things. And right here in this section, we also add in links to book in the calls, intake questionnaire forms that you want them to complete, and also add in any links to Facebook group and information about how to contact you. So this can be helpful to put in with the logistical links to make sure your clients know what to do when they first join your program. And then last but not least, in the introduction video, we also like to add in a little surprise bonus to get people some quick wins when they first join the program. And that can just reaffirm that they're in the right place and get them excited to get started. So right here, I've got deliver a quick win. And for example, you can insert things like a cheat sheet or a five day challenge to get them started. Okay. And of course, you can go through and rename any of these as well to make them suit. All right. So right here, I've outlined all the different modules there with lessons. So I've put in there eight modules. You certainly don't need to have eight modules. I've just wanted to give you some extra space to fill in the information. So the first thing to do is go through and change the titles of the module. So what you can do is type in the information and then go through and add the title. And then as you're going through, add in information. And just start to plot your ideas down there and then any deliverables that you want to include. Okay. So PDF of digestion. So just go through and start working and adding in extra information about what you want to put in there. If you don't have that many lessons, feel free to delete them. Feel free to delete the sections that don't apply. So you can delete them or add extra roles as well. So let's go to lesson six there. If you want to add in something extra. Remember, my recommendation is to have somewhere between five to eight modules and somewhere around six to seven lessons per module. And each lesson should be around about 12 minutes on average. So just go through and add in all the information there. And then at the end, you want to have a thank you, congratulations, and where to from here kind of module. So I've just added here as a bonus where it can say, find long term freedom. So here where it talks about you've made it. So congratulate them for getting to the end. He might want to recap what they've learned so far and then where to from here. So here you can talk about next step. If they're still feeling stuck, what they can do. And that can be a really good opportunity to upsell them into ongoing support or your next step program for them to get ongoing support from you. You can also talk about troubleshooting and all that sort of information in here. And right at the bottom of the list here, these are bonuses that you can include. Remember, bonuses are not important part of your core program content. These are extras that you might want to surprise people with or additional guest interviews and things that you can add on to support your client's learnings that might be relevant to them. Next up, let's look at your program production schedule. So look at right at the bottom. And this is where you can start to copy all your information that you have. So once you've done this, feel free to share this document with us so we can have a look through your program framework for you and give you some feedback. And to share a document, you want to go to this green button here that says share. And the most important step here is go to get links. So click on that. And it'll open up the section. And instead of copying and pasting this link straight away, I want you to do this extra step where it says restricted. And you want to go, anyone with this link can view your document. Instead of just viewer, go to editor. So share that link with us now. And then we can go through and add it and give you some feedback. So just copy and then done. All right. And the next one, I want to show you how to use the production schedule. So this production schedule is going to keep you on track of your progress as you're creating your program. So just make sure you copy all the information across, especially with the lesson details. Just copy that across here. And then I'm going to show you these little drop down buttons. So for example, the first column here that talks about delivery style, this is how you're going to present the information. So the first one on there is F2C, which is face to camera. So it's just your face direct to the camera. There's no slides or anything. And then we've got voice over and slides. We've got your webcam and slides. So that's where you turn on your webcam on the corner. And then we've got audio only. So that might be if you're just doing audio recording with no video to minimize any distractions. So that can be helpful if you're doing things like meditation videos. And then the next one is a whiteboard. So if you want to illustrate and draw things on a whiteboard, you can also do that. Or you could use a digital whiteboard like Zoom and then screen share. And next one here, if it's just a screen share tutorial, again, you can use something like Zoom or OBS, which we will teach you how to use in the next module. So just simply click on the right one that applies. And then that will populate on those fields. So you know and can plan it out beforehand. And the next step is your scene type. So you want to decide beforehand if you want to do that standing up or sitting down. So voiceover and slide, that's just sitting down. You might do another one that's sitting down as well. So that will allow you to plan that out. And the next thing is super cool. So once you have done these actions, we've got slides completed. So the next step is just taking through all the different tasks as part of your process. So the first one here, a slide completed. So once you've done that, simply click on these buttons and it's going to turn green. So this will allow you to quickly scan through and take note of any tasks that hasn't been done so you can easily come back and do it. And then you've got script written. So if you want to script out your videos, you can do that as well. And then just tick that. Filming completed. So this is if you have completed recording. So you might just click that. And this can be really helpful, especially if you have other people on your team who are doing different tasks. And you can assign it to them and make sure that they can come in and do that. So let's say if you do your own filming and then you pass it on to someone to edit your videos for you. So they can come in here and take and let you know that these have been done. And then next up is uploading to the portal. So that's where someone who's an admin assistant can do that for you. So you can upload it to the portal for you, including any handouts that you might have created. They can upload it to the portal and then add the description to the lessons. So that's how you would plan it out for your production schedule and just go through and fill all of that out. And by the end of the spreadsheet, you're going to see everything turning green, which will be an amazing feeling. Now, hopefully this is going to be a really helpful tool for you to speed up your production so you can keep well on track. If you have any questions about how to use this, feel free to reach out and we can support you with that. Take care and have a wonderful day.
