---
Source Program: Momentum Club
File Name: Module 5.2.mp4
---

Alright, so in this lesson here, I'm going to be covering the different assets that you'll need to create for your webinar launch, and you'll also get hold of all my different templates and resources and swipe files to help you prepare for your webinar launch. So first up, I want to take you through the roadmap of what to expect from registration and the different things that you need to create. So the first thing here is we need to advertise for your webinars. So here we need to make sure that we have different promo materials and marketing materials that you can post on social media, whether it's on your post or on your reels or stories to share about your webinar and get people to register. You can also send an email to your email list to let them know about your upcoming webinar as well. And then you would send them to your webinar registration page. And I'm going to show you an example of mine. And then after they've registered, the next step is you want to send them to a thank you page. So a thank you page can be a really simple one that, depending on what platform that you use, they can already be on there. So you just need to tweak the copy that goes in there. So the thank you page would be purely to confirm the registration and also remind them to go and check the emails because quite often emails can end up in junk or the promotions folder on Gmail. So you want to make sure that people do see them and if they do spot them in the junk or promotion email to bring them to the inbox. So that's what you want to use your thank you page for. And then the next step here is your pre-webinar email. So once people have registered, you want to send them three emails before the webinar event itself. So you've got the confirmation email that they're going to get right away after registering and then two reminders. And I would suggest sending one at least 24 or 48 hours before and then one two hours before. You can certainly send more if you're opening registration for a long period of time, but most people are opening registration about 10 days before the webinar. So you really only just need three or four maximum. And then you're going to go to your webinar and on the webinar itself, you're going to offer people the next step, which is to go ahead and book a strategy call with you and apply to work with you. And I'm going to explain to you why I like to suggest that as a strategy call instead of discovery call. And that's because discovery call just sounds like a sales call, but a strategy call or you could call it a Kickstarter call or an audit call, it sounds like there's more value to it. And on the webinar slide deck template I'll give you, there is different things that you can put in there to encourage people to take action and jump on this opportunity as soon as possible. And then once the webinar is over, you want to send people who's registered, whether they've attended or not attended, four to six emails. And this can also include your call to action for them to go ahead and book a call and apply to work with you as well as sending them the replay link. So I'm going to outline here the key assets that you need. You also have this in your launch planner as well. So the key things that you need is to invite people to go for your webinar and you can send this email to email list and also any promos that you put out on your social media. You want to set up your webinar registration page. So this can be done on your webinar platform of choice, depending on what you pick, or you can also use a landing page on your website. Or even if you use ConvertKit, you can also create a landing page on there as well. But most people end up just using the template that's given to them on the webinar platform. And like I said, once people have registered, you want to send them some emails to remind them. And the key here is to really encourage them to attend the webinar live. So you're going to have the confirmation email and then two reminders or three maximum. And then you need to create your webinar slide deck. So you're going to see a template in the description section that I've given you, and that's a Canva template for you to create your slide deck. And then you need to create your webinar slide deck. So that's your presentation. And you'll find a template for this in the description section. And that's a Canva template that I've put together for you. So you just need to go in there and put in your information that you want to teach. And then next up, you want to create a webinar freebie. So webinar freebie can just be like one of your lead magnets that you created, or it could be a mini resource that you've created for your clients. What you want to do here is use it as a little enticement for people to come to your webinar live. So you could say, if you attend my webinar live and stay till the end, you'll get my free X, Y, and Z freebie valued at $49 or something. So they'll encourage people to come and stay for your whole webinar. And that's because you want to be able. And then the next thing is your post webinar email. So you want to send round four to six of them. So the confirmation email, like I mentioned earlier, that one can be done on your webinar platform, depending on what you choose. And then I like to send the post webinar emails on my email marketing system. And I'll explain to you a little bit more about that on the email sequence template. And the next thing is your post webinar email. So you want to send approximately four to six emails to people who has registered for your webinar. And this is to send them the replay link, encourage them to go watch the replay. You should be announcing your doors opening, encouraging people to go. So the next thing is your post webinar emails. So you want to be sending roundabout four to six emails to people who has registered for your webinar using ConvertKit or any of your email marketing system is fine. So the next thing is your post webinar emails. And you want to be sending around four to six emails to people who has registered for your webinar. And on these emails, it will be talking about watching the replay, announcing your doors opening and creating urgency for people to go apply to work with you and to apply for the strategy call. And now I do recommend putting your post webinar emails on your email marketing system. So I've given you the example of ConvertKit here because I presume most of you will be using ConvertKit and the confirmation in reminder emails can go through your webinar platform. So I use Webinar Jam and that's something I'll teach you guys to set up as well in the next few lessons. And then the post webinar emails will go on to your email marketing system. And the reason why I suggest that is that it allows you to adjust your emails even after your webinar. Whereas if you put it through your webinar platform, you can't really edit those emails afterwards. So it can be quite restrictive. And lastly, you want to create your social promos and that's to encourage people to go register for your webinar. Now next up, I want to chat about the webinar registration page. So this is a really simple one that I've created on Webinar Jam and that's the platform that I personally use. And on here, I want to talk about the few key things to include and you can do the same thing if you want to create a registration page on your website and then link it to whichever platform that you use. So on here, you want to make sure that there's a picture of you. You want people to know who is hosting the webinar. And then here you want to have the title and the hook really clear up there on bold, larger text as well. And then you want to let people know that it's a free webinar, free training and who is it for. So you want to outline that quite clearly. You want to have information about some of the things that they're going to get out of this webinar. How long it's going to be. I would recommend running webinars usually for around 60 minutes and longer if you're more experienced. But 60 minutes would usually give you enough time and some of the key dot points of what you're going to be teaching and the outcomes that they will get for the webinar. So next up, I want to talk about the webinar registration page. So this is a really simple page that I've created using a template on Webinar Jam. Depending on what platform you choose, you can also create a landing page on your website and then link it up to the Webinar Jam registration page if you want it to look more fancy. So next up, I want to talk about the webinar registration page. So this is a webinar registration that I've done on Webinar Jam, which is the webinar platform that I use. It is a really simple template and it is super easy to create as well. So I'm going to take you through a walkthrough on the setup in the next few lessons to show you how to do this. But I want to quickly cover some of the key things that you need to take note of here. So first up, you want to have a really clear picture of you because you want people to know who is hosting the webinar. And the next thing is to make sure that you have a clear and obvious title here and a hook that gets people in, including a webinar title and then maybe a tagline if you have one. You want to put them in bold with larger fonts as well so it will stand out. And next thing you want to mention is the word free. So you want people to know that it's a free training. They are not needing to pay for it. And some of the key things that they're going to learn from your webinar. So I've put them in dot points and that can be really helpful to break up long chunks of paragraphs. So here you want to outline some of the key things that people are going to get out of attending your webinar. And then you want to encourage people to come for your webinar live and let them know what's in it for them. Besides learning the key steps or the mistakes to avoid, they're also going to get hold of your freebie. So this is where you tell people what the freebie is and the value of that. OK, so I will give you this example in the downloadable section as well. So you know the wording and the copy that goes down to it. And next up, let's chat about the webinar structure. So I've broken that down into the different parts of your webinar. Like I mentioned, webinars, I would usually recommend running it for around 60 minutes. So the core parts would be first part here is you want to do your welcome or introduction and some housekeeping. So I'd say spend about 10 minutes there. And on this part, you also want to be welcoming people onto your webinar and get them to chime in and let you know where they're tuning in from or what they're excited about learning today being on a webinar. So you want to get people to participate and feel excited about being here because that really gets the energy going and sets the tone for the webinar as well. And then the next part is moving to the core content of your webinar. So that would take around 30 minutes. So that's your key teaching points you might want to talk about yourself here as well in your story or your journey to doing what you do. So that will all be available for you on the slide deck template. And then you want to transition next to the offer. So this is where you start introducing people to your program and you want to encourage them to go apply for a strategy call and to work with you. So I would spend about 15 minutes doing that and not rushing through it. I see often quite a lot of people rushing through it because they feel really nervous about selling. But just know that you're not really selling anything here. You're offering people who are serious, who want to seek help, the next step, which is still a free thing, your strategy call. So don't feel embarrassed about sharing what you've got to offer because this can be a really important realization and step for people who need your help. And then next up, you want to offer the freebie and you want to talk to people about staying right till the end because you're going to share the freebie with them. And I want to get you to share that before you go into the Q&A session so you get people to stay. And the Q&A would go for around about 10 to 15 minutes, depending on how many questions people will send your way. And you can certainly prepare some questions yourself as well in case your audience is a bit on the quieter side, you'll still have some questions to go by. All right. So you will find the slide deck template, which is created on Canva on the description section of this lesson. And there will be instructions on what to put in each slide under the notes section. And before we end, I want to share with you some numbers. OK, I'm a numbers person and know a lot of you are probably as well. So I want to share with you some of the benchmarks to aim for so you know whether or not you've done well for your webinar and what the conversion rates are to expect. So next up, I want to share with you some numbers. I want to share with you the benchmarks to aim for for webinars because it's always really helpful to know what to expect so you can work towards that and understand whether or not you're progressing well. So first up is your webinar registration page, which we also call the opt in page. The conversion rates for this page for people to go there, visit the page and opt in to your webinar or register for your webinar would be around about 45 percent. You'll be able to get this number from your webinar platform. So if you're using WebinarJam like me, you'll be able to grab this data pretty easily. OK, so 45 percent is the benchmark. And in terms of webinar attendance, that's people who come live. Usually it's around about 35 percent. And I recommend trying to aim for this number as much as possible because you want to get people to come live, experience the energy and take action. And in terms of sales from webinars, depending on what you're doing, if we're doing the application funnel, which is what I recommend you do first up, is when you get people to go apply and go on a strategy call with you. So the conversion rate from the number of people who's attended your webinar will be around about 30 percent. And then if you go for your conversion rate on sales call, most people I would say aim for around 50 percent conversion. So people who go on a sales call with you, around half of that will convert. And that's pretty typical. OK, or if you are running a direct open cut webinar where it goes straight to a sales page and there's no sales call, the conversion rate is around 10 percent. OK, now, I don't recommend that you do this for your program until you've really mastered sales. OK, or most people will go on to create an online course after they've fully finished a program and launched a few times and sell the course in the background repeat. Then that will be your direct open cut email. That will be your direct open cut sales from your webinar that will go straight to the sales page and payment page. And in terms of email open rates, the replay and open cut email that goes out to people, usually the open rate would be to aim for 35 percent. And for any ongoing emails after that, the open rate tends to drop off as you go. So the more emails you send by the end, less people will be opening them. So what I would recommend to aim for is round about 20 percent. So let's plug in those numbers and I'm going to show you how it works by working backwards. So for example, if you want to enroll ten clients into your program for this launch, we know that the conversion rate on sales call is usually 50 percent. So that means that you'll need to have 20 sales call to convert half of them, which is 10 people into your program. Now we need to think about how many people do we want to have apply. And usually in terms of application to people who actually go ahead and book the sales call, it's around 80 percent. So that means you need to have 25 applications. And we need to then look at how many people we need to get attend live. So the live attendance rates usually 30 percent from registration. So that will mean you need to have 83 people attend your webinar live. And then in terms of registrants, around 35 percent of people who register will go live. So that's 237 registrants. And we know that around 45 percent of people who visit your sales or your registration page will go on and register for your webinar. That means that you need to have 527 page visits. Now some of your numbers will look way better than this. It depends on how engaged your audience is. So I do recommend using this as some sort of a guide or benchmark, but don't take it too seriously. All right. Especially if your first launch, you're just purely experimenting. So don't get so stressed about the numbers. OK, so that's it for this lesson here. Go to the instruction section. All right. So that's it for this lesson here. Go to the description section of this video and grab your Canva webinar slide deck. And then in the download section, you'll find the email swipe files that you'll need for your webinar. And once you do that, I'll see you over in the next lesson.
