---
Source Program: Momentum Club
File Name: Module 1.3.mp4
---

Welcome back. So in this lesson here, we're going to talk about magnetize your leads, magnetize. Welcome back. So in this lesson here, we're going to talk about how you can magnetize your leads and get more people to sign up for your lead magnet. There are seven key ingredients to consider when it comes to a successful freebie. First of all, it needs to have a catchy title and tagline and should really speak to who this is for and what results they're going to achieve from downloading your lead magnet. And secondly, of course, really importantly, it needs to be valuable. It needs to give them value, but not overwhelm and have too much information in there. And the third part is it needs to be relevant to the person. It needs to address the outcome that they desire and address internal and external problems that they are feeling. Welcome back. So in this lesson here, we're going to talk about how you can magnetize your leads and get more people to sign up for your freebie. So there's seven key ingredients to consider that makes up a successful freebie. So first of all, it needs to start with a catchy title and tagline. So you want people who see it to know that it's for them and the tagline needs to be results orientated and speak to what they desire. Secondly, it needs to provide value. So remember the last lesson I said, a lot of lead magnets that I've seen and come across either do under deliver or they over deliver. And there's so much information in there that it gets people overwhelmed. So what you want to do is provide a just amount of ride value to get people hungry for more. Okay. And the third one is it needs to be relevant and address the outcomes that they desire and talk to the internal and external problems that they are experiencing. The fourth thing is it needs to be in a suitable format. You need to think about your ideal clients out there. What do they, what are their lifestyles like and what. Welcome back. So in this lesson here, I'm going to talk about how you can magnetize your leads and get more people to sign up for your lead magnet. So there's seven key ingredients that makes up a successful freebie. And it really needs to start with a catchy title and tagline. So I'm going to take you through how you can do this in later slides, but your title needs to be very clear to the person who's reading it and help them to identify that it's for them. And your tagline needs to be results orientated. So they know what's in it for them. Secondly, your lead magnet needs to provide value to that person. It needs to be valuable and speak to the problem and the outcome they're experiencing. Welcome back. So in this lesson here, I'm going to talk about how you can magnetize your leads and get more people to sign up for your freebie. So there's seven key ingredients that makes up a successful lead magnet, and it really needs to start with a catchy title and tagline. So it needs to be clear to that person who's coming across your lead magnet that's relevant for them and it's results orientated. So they know what's in it for them. So it makes them more likely to want to give you the email address in exchange for that resource or freebie. So in later slides, I'm going to take you through how to develop your tagline and your title. And secondly, it needs to provide value to the user. Like I mentioned in the last lesson, some of the key mistakes that people make is that they either under deliver and not give much value at all because they're trying to hold back or they over deliver and give so much information in there that's overwhelming for that person. They find it hard to execute and get results from it. Thirdly, it needs to be relevant to that person. It needs to address the pain points and the outcomes that they desire. And of course, speaking to the internal and external problems that they're experiencing. Fourthly, it needs to be in a suitable format. So think about your ideal clients. What are their lifestyles like? How do they best consume information? If you're trying to create something for busy parents, it needs to be short, sharp to the point and be super actionable rather than really long formats like a video series or something like that, because they're less likely to watch and get through all of it. And the fifth ingredient is that it needs to help them to achieve quick wins. It needs to be actionable and not too complex for them to execute. And the sixth point is it needs to lead to a desired outcome. What's important for them and what do they want to achieve? And seventh, last but not least, it needs to lead to a conversion. So I want you to think about what is the ultimate step you want them to achieve. Otherwise, it's really no point in creating a lead magnet just to grow your list. You ultimately want people to become a client. I think that's what we all want to achieve. So it's important to recognize what are the steps you can lead them through as they're working through your lead magnet to get them to the end point of becoming a client. And of course, it's important to recognize that not everyone who downloads your lead magnet is going to be a client straight away. Some people download multiple lead magnets before they start to trust you. They might follow you along for months and months before they eventually becoming a client. So it's helpful to recognize that this is the first step to getting them into your world. And what I'm going to take you through here is how to develop a powerful marketing message for your lead magnet. So it gets people in the door, it gets them excited for it. And these things, you're going to be able to use it on your landing page and your social promos as well. So I just want you to get started with brainstorming and coming up with the title to help you move forward. But some of the steps here, like creating an opt-in page and starting to set up your email marketing platform, it's not immediately relevant until you start pulling your audience, you start getting clear on what you want to create and you have your title, then you can go on to execute the tech part of this process. So just to give you an example, here's what an opt-in page would look like. So that's where people get information about what your resource is about, what's inside there for them to see. And then they put in the name and email address and it gets them to the download section. So hopefully that gives you an idea of what it would look like. You can create pages like that on your website or on your email marketing platform. So don't stress too much about it right now. We just want to get the wording and the copyright for this page. So let's start with the title. We want your title to be catchy. You want it to be clear and concise as well. It needs to speak specifically to what your ideal clients are facing and the desired outcome. For example, if you're creating a vegan meal planning guide for people, you want to make it sound sexy and fun. You don't want it just to be another resource that's out there, like what everyone else is creating. So you might give it a really fun name like, Cheat's Guide to Vegan Meal Planning in Under 20 Minutes. So it's very clear and it gives people that promise that they can get it done quickly because trust me, I know a lot of people don't like meal planning. It's not the most fun activity. So you're trying to put a spin on it to make it exciting for them. Or if you're in the IBS field and you want to talk about bloating, for example, you could have a resource that's called Five Little Known Secrets to Beat the Bloat for IBS. That actually works. Again, there's a little promise there. So it helps people to get curious and they want it. The next part of this is creating a scroll stopping headline. So this is like a little headline that goes with it that gets people interested. So this is what you want to share a little bit more about what they're getting in the resource and the outcome that they're going to achieve. So an example here, wording that you can include. So what I've shown you on the screen is an example of how you can word it. The pink fonts are the ones that you can include. So what I've shown you here is an example of what you can say as a headline. So the pink fonts are the ones that you can fill in with your own words. So you can start with discover how to, and then here you're going to tell them what they're going to learn so that you can. Here you're going to insert the outcome, what they're going to achieve without. This is so important here, this word here without, because you want to talk about what people don't want to do because it gets them interested. So without what they don't want to do. So it could be discover how to beat the bloat so then you can find fast IBS relief without cutting out all food groups. That's just an example there. Okay. So you can reword this in a different way. You could even say things like the five-step framework for discovering IBS relief so that you can enjoy life or wear what you like without cutting out gluten and dairy. Okay. So that's another way to word it as well. And the third part of this is creating your magnetizing tagline. So here you're going to speak to what people are experiencing. You're going to call out the biggest mistakes that your ideal clients is making right now. And you want to outline the consequences of these mistakes and raise their awareness of a better way for them to achieve the solution. Okay. And it also needs to speak to a gap in the market. And this is the key here. You want people to recognize that you're speaking directly to them, that there isn't anything out there like that for them. So sometimes if you're in the niche where you feel like saturated, it might be worth looking a little bit deeper, look at what your competitors are doing and then finding that gap that you can speak to. So here's an example here that I've given you for an IBS niche resource. So it could be discovered the biggest mistakes I see people with IBS is making that results in food fear, feeling overwhelmed and confusion, but it doesn't have to be this way. So here you're getting people to think about another way. Learn my step-by-step approach I've used to help hundreds of clients beat the bloat. Absolutely free valued at $97. So this is where you might assign a value to your freebie and let them know that they're getting it for free for a limited time. All right. So it gets people excited. So what I'm going to get you to do is go to your profit driven lead magnet workbook again and look at part two. So this is where you're going to start working through and developing your title, your headline and your tagline for your opt-in page. And when you have all of these together and you've created your lead magnet, that's when you can start creating your opt-in page, either using your website or your email marketing platform. And I've shown you earlier an image of how it would look like. And I just wanted to quickly highlight a couple of things here on the opt-in page that you need to think about. So your opt-in page here should really just serve one purpose. You want people to come to your opt-in page and opt-in. That should be the main thing you want them to do. You want them to enter the name and email address and nothing else. And that's why if you're creating this opt-in page on your website, you don't want to have any other navigation tabs on top, like homepage, about me page, all of those needs to be hidden. You want this page to be very concise and very clear and direct. So again, you don't want to have lots of cluttered information in here. It just needs to be short, sharp, and to the point, because you don't want people to be distracted. And the other thing that you want to do is to have a very clear section where they can see their eyes land on, because you want them to go there, is to have a very clear button that people can click on. So that button here, I've put mine in a different, well, in the kind of sage color, so it stands out. If I were to do this again, I will probably move it to the center and make that a brighter color as well. So people's eyes are drawn to that, to key in the details straight away and get there. So here I've got send me the goodies. You could obviously put in different text into your call to action button and make it more fun, like give it to me or sign me up with exclamation mark. So it's just a different way of showcasing the information. Now the other thing that I want to talk about is average conversion rate. So a lot of people ask me, how many people should I be aiming to have download my lead magnet? So it's helpful to look at some of the analytics or insights on your page to see how many people land on your page here and how many people actually take the action and go put in the name and email address to get your freebie. So the average industry standard for conversion rate is about 20 to 50%. So if it's a warm traffic, meaning people who already follow you on social media should be closer to 50%, but if it's completely cold traffic, someone you might be advertising to on Facebook, for example, that leads to your opt-in page can be as low as 20%. I would say on average, try and go for about 30 to 40% so then you know that people are successfully downloading your lead magnet, they're doing what you want them to do. And if your numbers are super low, it might be helpful to look at your wording and make sure that it's set out. Clearly, we're more than happy to review your opt-in page as well and give you some feedback. So if you need help, make sure you reach out. All right. So now it's over to you. Go to part two of your workbook to start working through your tagline, headline, and your title. And we'll see you over in the next lesson.
