---
Source Program: Momentum Club
File Name: Module 4.3.mp4
---

All right, welcome back. So in this lesson here, we're going to look at how to start planning and mapping out your founding members launch. And in particular, we're going to be focusing on the last three phases of your launch. And that is your excite phase, your offer phase, and your evaluate phase. So first of all, you really want to start looking at your calendar and thinking about a date that you would like to open your doors to have your first lot of founding members come through. And once you have that date, then we can work backwards and start thinking about when to commence the excite phase. So your excite phase is really your pre-launch strategy and runway. And what you do during this phase, like I said before, is really going to determine the success and outcome of your launch. So you definitely don't want to skip this phase. What you're going to be doing in this phase here is really warming up your audience, getting them excited and building their anticipation that they know something is coming. So when you officially open doors to your program, it's not going to be a big surprise to them. And they would have had that time to prepare and plan if they want to start working with you. So first of all, I recommend that you start the excite phase round about four to six weeks prior to your launch. So like I said earlier, once you know your launch date, you can work backwards to prepare when to start building the excitement and anticipation with your audience. So the thing that you want to do here is to create a waitlist in this phase to try and capture your warm or hot leads. And you can do this through your social media. So letting people know that something is happening, you're building a new program and it's for X, Y, and Z people. And you can also email your waitlist as well to let them know, and then get those people who are interested in your upcoming program to join a waitlist. So with that waitlist, you can create a tag on your email list to tag them as waitlist for X, Y, and Z program. So then you know how many people are waiting for your program doors to open. Once they land on your waitlist, you want to start nurturing them. You don't want to leave them for like four to six weeks and they don't hear from you. And then suddenly the next email that they get is that doors are open. So you certainly want to keep them warmed up, keep them excited. And that's what we do through a series of nurture emails. And I recommend that you send weekly nurture emails to your list so they continue to remember who you are and you remain top of mind. And then in the meantime as well, I recommend that you keep creating hype and excitement on socials. Take your audience behind the scenes and share with them what's coming and what you're working on and really do some countdown with them as well. Let them know three weeks to doors open, two weeks to doors open, one week to door open. You want to infuse that into your captions as well so people know and they are aware on when doors are opening. And then your next phase here is your offer phase, which is your launch phase. So this is when you officially announce to people on your social media and on your waitlist that something is here. Your doors are open. So phase number four here is your offer phase, which is your launch phase. So this is when we are super excited and we're creating. So phase four here is your offer phase and that is your launch. That's when doors are officially open to your founding members launch. And you want to start by announcing that first off to your waitlist. So you want to let people know on your waitlist that doors are officially opened. So that's where we'll first get started because these are people who have previously expressed their interest. And then what you want to do there is to send them to your application page. So this could be just a very simple page that you build out. So we could call it a sales page as well, but it's a very short form sales page where you then have a button for them to click to go and apply. And this application could be exactly the same as what you've been using for your package clients right now. You may want to tweak it to make it more relevant, appropriate to your new program. Otherwise you can keep it very similar. And like I said, you could also create a sales page if you want with testimonials, FAQ and different information about your program. And we're going to have a bonus lesson here in this module, which takes you through how to create a short form sales page. You don't need it to be super long because the next step is once people have applied, they're going to go into discovery call with you. And that's when you can share with them more information about the program. Now we want this launch for you to be as simple as possible. So if you're running out of time, please don't stress about creating a sales page. That's something that's optional. So I just wanted to stress that. Okay. And then your launch promotion. I generally recommend having a window of between seven to 10 days. And that's when you're actively promoting to your waitlist and on social media as well. So people are well aware. And I do recommend you share this on social media because people on your waitlist may not have seen the email. So this is where you can share it with them and remind them to go apply on your social media. And you might also capture new leads as well. So I highly, highly recommend that you try and share about your founding members launch to as many people as possible on all your different social platforms. And here I've shared with you some tips on how you can optimize sales during your launch period. And first up, you want to go back to those people who have previously expressed the interest in working with you. So you might have previous sales calls with them. You might have had previous DM conversations. Just go back and follow up on them and let them know that your new program is here and let them know you're taking a few people to see if they're still interested in working with you. And then go back and connect with hot leads on DMs as well. So people who have either expressed interest in your waitlist or they've sent you some DMs in the past, letting them know that they want to join your program. Just shoot them a quick DM and let them know that doors are open and go and apply. I sometimes find that it's really, really important to connect with people on multiple occasions and on multiple platforms because all our clients, including us as well, our lives are busy. So we might look at the email and then forget to go through to apply. So it's really helpful to just follow up if you don't hear back from people. And during your launch period, you want to try and show up on socials daily if you can. You've been serving your clients for months and years. So this is your turn to shine, to show up and share it with as many people as possible so they don't miss this opportunity. And that's where you might want to create some urgency and scarcity. Letting them know that doors are only open for X number of days and there's only five spots available. It is going to be the cheapest price or lowest price. Don't use the word cheap. Use the word lowest price or lowest investment. So here are some tips to help you optimize your sales during your launch period. So first of all, you want to go back and follow up on previous conversations that you've had with your leads. So this might be people that you have spoken to on sales calls, or you might have connected with them in other forms of format and they have expressed interest in working with you previously. These are what we call your warm leads. So if they already know about your program back then, that time where you spoke to them, it might not be suitable. So now might be a better time. So there's no harm in reaching out and just letting them know that your new program is here and check if they're still looking for someone to help them. And the next thing that you can do is to connect with hot leads on DMs. So this might be people who have joined your waitlist or they might have previously expressed interest in working with you. It's really helpful to just shoot them a quick message and see how they're doing and check in on their progress and see if they're still looking for help. So this is a really good opportunity to touch base with them because you know what? Sometimes as good as email marketing is, sometimes our emails do land in junk or people might open it and then forget to click on it and to go apply. So it's really helpful to just touch base with them on multiple platforms. And then during your launch period, you want to be showing up on socials every single day. It is your turn to shine. You have been shoo... So during your launch period, you want to be showing up on socials every single day. Remember you've been nurturing and providing free information to your audience for so long, for months and years. So really it's your turn to show up and shine and let people know that your program is here. And when you show up from that mindset of serving, it is really important to let your audience know about your program because you know what? That is the only time that they're going to work with you at the lowest investment possible before your prices go up. So that's where you can start to infuse urgency and scarcity messaging into your sales pitch. You can let people know that doors are only open for X number of days. It's closing next week and there is only five spots available. And let people know that this is the lowest investment it will ever be and prices will go up next year. All right. So that's when... All right. So here I want to share with you some tips on what you can do to optimize sales during your launch period. So first up, you really want to go back and follow up on those previous sales conversations that you had. So whether it's sales conversations you had with people in DMs or on sales calls, people who might be interested in working with you, but because back then wasn't such a good time or they might be saving up to work with you, now might be a better time. So there's no harm in just going back to those conversations and reconnecting with them, asking them how they're going and if they're still looking for help. So that's a really good opportunity to touch base with those people who already know you and have spoken with you. And during your launch period, it is really your chance to show up on socials every single day because it is your turn to shine, right? You've been nurturing and sharing so much free information with your audience for months and even years, I know, for some of you. So it is your turn to show up and let everyone know about your program, right? Think of it as a place of service. You're showing up to serve your audience and now it's your turn to shine and serve them on a deeper level through your program. And you want to think about how you can inject urgency and scarcity messaging into your sales pitch as well. So that's where you might share with your audience that doors are only open for X number of days. Doors are closing next week and I only have five spots available, right? You want to let them know that this is also the only time that they'll get to work with you at the lowest investment possible before the prices go up in your next launch. So create that urgency messaging. And what I find really helpful is a way to encourage people to take actions to create some FOMO. No one likes to miss out, right? So that's where you might start counting out the number of spots left in your program. You might do that on your stories and let people know that there's only four spots left, three spots left, and those people who are sitting on the fence will feel that tug and they will know they want to step in and join the program. And what I also find really helpful, which is a two-pronged approach, is welcoming new members. So you might let people know that, oh, welcome Natalie to the program. Welcome Marissa to the program. Just address them by the first name, because again, that reinforces to those people who might be watching and lurking around to really jump in and take action now because they don't want to miss out. And lastly, we've got your evaluate phase. So that's the work that you do post-launch. You don't have to do it right away, but I find it really helpful to start thinking about how your launch went. So you might want to have a document going, just jotting out notes on what's worked and what hasn't. And so it's a really good opportunity to debrief as well with me and with your clients in the group. So lastly, we've got your evaluate phase. So that's the stuff that happens. So lastly, we've got your evaluate phase. So that's the kind of stuff that happens after your launch. And a lot of people just kind of launch and then close doors and forget about it. But what you collect and come up with. So lastly, we've got your evaluate phase. So that's really what happens after a launch. Now this is also really important work. I know a lot of people just kind of open doors, close doors, and that's it. And they get so busy serving their clients, but they forget to evaluate their launch. So that's where I want you to start thinking about what's gone well during your launch, what can be improved on, what do you need to think about when you launch next time? So you might want to start a Google doc or something and just do this and go through the reflection after each launch. And then in the next lesson, I'm also going to talk about how to enroll your clients and onboard them. So I won't go into too much detail here. You want to serve your clients and get them amazing results. And then they will be able to give you testimonials or share about your program to their friends and family. And this is also a really good opportunity to obtain your client's feedback as well. So that's where you might want to start thinking about getting them to fill in feedback forms or surveys and things like that. All right. So that's it for this lesson here. You can go over to the download section and grab the founders launch planner where I'll have more information, details about what you need to think about, and then a checklist to help you prepare for your founders launch. That's it. Now I'll see you over in the next lesson.
