---
Source Program: Momentum Club
File Name: Module 1.8 (Bonus).mp4
---

Welcome back to the very last lesson here on module one. So in this bonus lesson, I'm going to show you how you can put your lead magnet out there fast and grow your email list so you can get your first thousand leads for your business. So the first step is really to tap into an existing audience that you already have. What I find really helpful is to bring your audience behind the scenes and take them on a journey with you as you're creating your lead magnet. You want to build that curiosity, the anticipation. So when your lead magnet is ready, people already know about it and they're excited to get their hands on it. And that is really the key step that I think a lot of people are missing when they are deep in that creation mode. They forget about involving their audience, and this is such a helpful way to get people excited. When you officially launch your lead magnet, pop up a post on your feed and let people know that it's ready. So that's where you're going to get the most number of downloads right in the beginning. And the other thing that you can do is to make sure that you put it to your link in bio. Add it as a link. So if you already have an existing link, you might want to use Linktree or any other apps to help you have multiple links for people to click on. So that's a really helpful way to get people to download your lead magnet from your feed. Now the other way is tapping into using things like Instagram stories. Now when we talk about Instagram stories, you don't want to just simply put it as a call out one single story and say, Hey, here's my lead magnet time to download it. You want to kind of take a step back and lay the groundwork for people. So what I mean here is having your first story, asking them a question, setting the scene, calling out the mistakes. So as you can see right here on my slide, I've got asking them a question. If you're struggling to attract clients or convert someone to a paying customers, there's usually some other reasons behind that. So I'm getting them curious to understand and anticipate what the possible reasons are. And then as the next story, then I show them what the training is. And this is where I get people to sign up for my free masterclass to learn more. So I get them to click on the link here, and this is a clickable link, which is a new feature that Instagram has just introduced. And it's really helpful for you to just have a direct button there. You simply add the link and it creates a button there for people to tap into. And then that gets them to the landing page to download your lead magnet. But if you don't have this feature yet and you don't need 10,000 followers to get this feature, but if you don't have this feature rolled out to you yet, you can simply create a poll. So that's what exactly what I've done here. I've created a poll saying, do you want this? Send me the link as an option or I've registered. So I'm giving people the option to tap to say, yes, send me the link. I'm interested because it's such an easy step for people to do. And what you don't want to do is make people close the story, go to the link and buy to tap on it. Because when someone's viewing stories, they're on a row, they don't want to exit your story. So this is another key way that you can do to get people to engage in the story. So once they've tapped, yes, send me the link, you can open up the analytics to see who's tapped that, and then you can directly send them the link via DM. So that's such a cool strategy. The second strategy is to get people to add a comment on the story itself. So if they don't want to tap, if you don't want to ask them to tap, get them to comment something in your story, then you can send them the link because that opens up a conversation on the DMs. All right. So the next step here, this is a really cool feature that a lot of people don't know about, and that is using the auto responder feature on Instagram. So that's available to you on the business account. And what you want to do is go into your settings, tap on business, and then go to saved replies. So what you can do here, set up some auto response for certain type of keywords that people tap on or DM you with. So for example, here, you might say to people, okay, if you want your hands on my free training, DM me the word training. So what you can do here is add to the shortcut. So that's the keyword there, training, and then add auto responder message there. So when someone says training, it's going to generate this automatic message that says, you may say something like, hey, thank you for reaching out. I would love to send you this training. Click on the link below to access the link and I will send you the training straight away. So that can be automated and you can add a link there because in your DMs, you can send clickable links. So that's what you can do and it's such a beautiful feature that a lot of people don't know about. It really is very effective and it saves you a lot of time because when someone is in the stage of wanting to do something, they're curious, they're interested, you want to get it to them as soon as possible because that's when they're the most excited. Another place for you to promote it is on your website. If you have an existing website, if you don't, don't stress about it. We're going to cover this in a later module, but if you do have a website, definitely add it to your homepage. Like what I've done here on my IBS homepage, add a little section there right on top. When someone lands on your page, you want that to be one of the first few things that they'll see. So you can add a section there for them to click to download your freebie, or you can add it to the top section, which is what we call the top banner of your website. And you can have it on every single page of your website because then they're always going to see it and it prompts them to take action. If I were to do this again, though, I'll probably have that banner in a different color so it stands out to them. And the other places that you can put it on is perhaps on the blog. So you might have a blog article. If you have a lead magnet that talks about vegan meal planning, if you have a blog article about meal planning, you want to integrate that into your blog so people can also request for the extra resource, or you could have it as a pop-up page on the blog as well. So there's multiple ways to leverage your website to get someone to opt into your freebie. Now if you don't have a website, that's okay. You can also promote it on Facebook as well, and I think most of you should have a Facebook page, and it's really just tapping into a slightly different type of audience there. So you can create that as a post on your Facebook page, or if you have a Facebook group, you can certainly post it in there as well. Now if you don't run a group yourself, but you could be in other people's groups, so you can talk to the admin, ask for permission to see if it's okay for you to create a post about your freebie. And most out of, 9 out of 10 times, people are okay for you to do that, unless it's something that's self-promoting, you might be selling something, then they're not going to be okay with it. So I would say ask, and because you never know, so you can promote it on other people's Facebook page, or if you have a group yourself, when you ask to join a group, you would often have to key in a few responses and answer different questions. So one of your questions that you set out for your group, it could be asking for people's email address. If they want to be added to your email list and get updates or get special discounts and things like that, you can ask for the email address there. So that's another way for you to grow your email list and also to be able to tap into a slightly different audience there. Okay, so there you have it. That's all for this lesson here in module one. Thank you so much and well done for getting to the end. Now the ball is really over on your court. All right, so it's time to stop holding back. The quicker we can get your lead magnet out in the world, the quicker we can help more people and serve more people. Server serving is really about providing value, getting good, valuable content out there to help people. You don't want to let it sit on the shelf on your computer for months and months because the quicker we can get it out there, the more people we can help. So that's it for now. I can't wait to see what you come up with and I'll see you over in the next lesson.
