---
Source Program: Momentum Club
File Name: Module 1.1 Bonus 1000 Leads.mp4
---

Welcome back. So in this very last bonus lesson here on module one, I want to take you through how you can very quickly grow your email list and generate your first thousand leads for your business. Now at this point, you should have already got a clear idea of what type of lead magnet you want to create and have your messaging set. And now I want to take you through some steps of how you can start promoting it. And you can really start promoting it even before your lead magnet is done. So what you can do is to start promoting it on social media using an organic strategy. So what I often like to do is to take my audience behind the scenes to show them what's happening and take them through this journey with us because it gets someone really excited and they are anticipating the end product. So that's exactly what you can do here whilst creating your lead magnet. You want to start showing people some of the behind the scenes clip and show them what you're creating. Take a video whilst you're creating it so it gives people an insight, an idea into what's coming. So when it's ready, guess who's going to be the most excited and ready to download it, right? It will be your audience. And that's why I think this is such a crucial step that a lot of people miss when they are busy in the creation mode, they forget to document it for their audience. And then once your lead magnet is done and ready, that's when you can launch it as a post. You can tell people about it on your social media stories or you can do it as part of IG Live. There's so many ways, but just want to remind you guys to make sure you add a link to download your lead magnet on your link in bio. And you can also, another way to promote it without always promoting it is to link it up to a different type of post that you're doing. So it's really effective here as a carousel. So let's say if you're creating a lead magnet for vegan meal planning and you happen to be talking about meal planning as a carousel. So on the very last image or clip on your carousel post, you want to tell people if you want to learn more, go and download my vegan meal planning guide to help you create your meals in under 20 minutes. So then it naturally leads people to taking the action that you want them to take without really selling in a sense. And it grabs your attention as well, because you're going to find as time goes by, you're going to get less and less people download your lead magnet. So you want to present that call to action in a slightly different format. And that's where carousel posts can come in really handy. Like I mentioned earlier, you can also mention about your lead magnet or your freebie on an Instagram live or add it as a clickable link on your IGTV. Now here's an example of me showing or telling someone about my masterclass, and I'm trying to get people to take that next step, but I'm not going to say straight away as one individual story to go and sign up for my masterclass. I'm going to set the scene for them first, get them to relate to it, and then step them through the process. So as you can see here on the first clip, I'm asking them a question to grab their attention, asking them, so are you struggling to attract clients or convert someone into a paying client? Or you're getting stuck with people's objections. And then I'm getting them curious saying this, usually some of the reasons beneath the objections. And then that's when I get people to go and learn more about it on my free masterclass that I have that they can register for free. And then now most recently, Instagram has come up with this link feature. Some of you may not have it yet because what they're doing here is removing this swipe up link. So it gives everyone the ability to share a clickable link within the story. So I've done exactly just that, pointing people to that link there and then on the next clip, in case someone didn't click on that, then I'll ask them, this training is backed by popular demand. Do you want me to send you the link or if you already have registered? So I'm giving people the option to tap on, send me the link. So if they didn't want to go click out of my story to go to the link in my bio, they can just tap with send me the link option. And then I'll be able to open up my analytics and see who has tapped that. So I can send them the link via DM. The other thing that you could do here as well as getting people to comment on your story in the comment section below, again, that opens up a DM conversation so you can chat to them so you can send them the direct link. And I find this method to be super effective and is much more powerful than getting someone to go break out of the story viewing mode to go to the link in your bio. So try this if you haven't. Now, the second secret method that a lot of people don't know about is using the author responder feature on Instagram. Now have you seen people saying, Oh, if you're keen or interested in this, send me the DM training. So if they DM you with the word training, you're going to get an instant reply. So this is a super effective method, especially if you're someone who you get bombarded with DM messages every single day, or even if you have a very small audience, it's helpful to test this because increases the likelihood of someone taking action at the very point in time if they hear back from you so quickly. So to set up an author responder, you need to have a business account. And so you go into your business settings and then there is a section that says saved replies. So once you click on that, it will open up this little box here where you start to type in a shortcut. So the shortcut could be the keyword that you want people to tap. So they might tap and put in freebie. And then once they do that, they're automatically going to get a message there from your message reply. Again, you can save your message there and say, thanks so much for contacting me. I'm thrilled to be sending you a freebie your way. Here's the link to go download it. And then it automatically pops up on the DM when someone types in that keyword. And trust me, it does take a lot of time off your plate. So this could be something really effective, especially if you're using that comment feature within the store, you're getting people to comment, training or freebie, and that opens up a DM conversation. Then you can have your auto responder set to send them the link directly. There's also other ways to promote your freebie as well. So besides social media, you can of course promote it on your website if you have an existing website. If you don't, don't stress about it just yet. We'll definitely cover more about this later on in the program. So I've just put up on the screen here a couple of ways where you can showcase your lead magnet to get people to download it. So the first place to put it is on your homepage. So you can see on the homepage here when someone lands on my page, they're going to see that section immediately, getting them to download my freebie. Again, people are new, first time landing on your page is going to make it so easy for them to click on that button to take that next step, to download the freebie. And it's a low hanging fruit, it makes it easier for someone to reach out because it's very low risk. So here I've said download of IBS Freedom Workbook, click on the link here. So it's obvious and clear. And the other place that you can put it is on the top banner of your website pages as well. So you can say click here to download my free five day IBS guide challenge. So then when they click on the link, that will take them to the landing page to opt in. So you can have it all across the different pages, right? You can also integrate that as part of your blog as well. So if you have a blog section on your page, and if it's relevant to your freebie, you can have a little pop up that comes up when someone lands on your blog, reading through that information, and then they're more likely to give you the email address because they want more. Or you can just integrate that as part of your blog. So as they're scrolling down, you are inviting them to download your freebie. So there's multiple ways of doing it on your website. And if you don't have a website, most of you will most likely have a Facebook page for your business. So you can certainly promote it on your Facebook page, you might have a slightly different audience over there. So I think it's always helpful to just custom that a bit wider and see who you get. But if you don't have a Facebook business page, you might be on some Facebook groups that's relevant for your niche. And if you don't run those groups, that's okay as well. You can simply just ask the page admin and see if it's okay for you to post a little, create a little post about your freebie. Because if it's something free, most of the time, they'll be completely okay for it. But if it's something that you're selling and promoting, they may not be okay. So it's always helpful to ask for permission so you can do it. And if you do have a Facebook group yourself, another golden opportunity to ask for people's detail is when they're applying to join your group. So when someone applies or requests to join your group, you can set up multiple different types of questions on that page. So one of the questions that I like to ask is for people to key in the email address if they're interested in joining our email list or if they want their hands on this particular freebie. So then it makes it easier, again, for me to grow my list, not just through Instagram, not just through my website, but another place through Facebook groups as well. And if you get invited to be a guest on someone's podcast, that's another opportunity there for you to also tell more people about your lead magnet because you're leveraging or tapping into someone else's audience to grow your email list and your presence there. So it's helpful to also share a link to that, especially if it's relevant for their audience. So that's it now for module one. I've shared with you so much helpful information to get you started on your lead magnet. And now the ball is on your court. It's time to get this lead magnet out into the world so more people will start to see it and more people will benefit from it. Remember, you've got to serve before you sell. And if the information is sitting on your computer, it's sitting on the shelf, no one's going to benefit from that. So we need to get this out in the world and get more eyes on your content and your page so you have a more likelihood of generating those leads for your business. So that's it for now. I'll see you over in module two.
