---
Source Program: Momentum Club
File Name: Module 4.4.mp4
---

Welcome back. So in this lesson here, we'll be talking about how to enroll and onboard your founding member clients into your program. Now, a lot of the things that I'll be sharing with you is probably things that you're already doing with your current clients when you onboard them. But I'll be sharing with you some of the tips on how to systemize and streamline your processes so it saves you admin time moving forward. So first of all, we need to be thinking about how you're going to be taking payments from your founding members. I know most of you would already have a payment processing platform like Stripe or PayPal. So if you ran out of time, you can certainly continue to use that for your founders intake. Once you've got your course platform going, you might have some time left over. So that's when I would suggest creating your checkout page using your course platform so things can be automated. So, for example, once they put in their credit card details and register, then they will be taken to the next page, which will then give them more information about the program. It would then trigger an email from your course platform to send them the login details. And all of that can be automated, which saves you time from having to do it yourself. So what I would suggest is creating your checkout page with some information about what inclusions are. So this is a screenshot that I've taken here from my Momentum Club checkout page. And as you can see here, I've talked about inclusions and put in the value of what they're getting. And then I put in the total value of the program, what the quick action bonus pricing is. And then on here, the section here is where they put in the details to sign up. OK, so you can also certainly do this through something like Dubsado or Halaxy, which is very simple and basic, but it doesn't really talk to your course platform. And that's why I recommend using a course platform to create a checkout page, which would really help to streamline your processes. Next up is you want to be thinking about protecting yourself legally. So if you have been getting your clients to sign a very basic, simple client agreement form, then this is time to relook at your client agreement and see what you need to include. Now that you have a course platform involved because it is a digital product. So once someone signs up, they will have access to your program. And that's something that you cannot refund to them. It's not like sessions that they haven't used. You can provide a refund. So that's where I recommend that you put in all these specific terms about refund, privacy, that they don't share their login and the expiry and all of those terms into your client agreement. So I'm going to put in the description section of this video some of the links to templates and sites that you can purchase client agreements at a very affordable price. But of course, if you have a lawyer who can draft up a very specific contract for you, that's going to be the best case scenario. But I know most of you are probably not having a big budget with contracts and lawyer legal stuff to start with. So that's when these sites can be really helpful. They are drafted by a lawyer. It's just that they don't become your lawyer. So if there's any issues at all, you need to go engage a lawyer to help you with that. All right. So if you're working with one on one clients, you can just need one on one. So the next thing is looking at protecting yourself legally. So if you have been using a very basic and simple client agreement, then now it's time to relook at how we can increase and make it. So the next thing is looking at how to protect yourself legally. So I know most of you would have a client agreement in place with the clients that you work with within your packages right now. And now is a really good time and making your contract more robust to include your online program portal as well. Because you know what? Your online portal is a digital product. So when someone purchases, they're going to get instant access to it. So if someone were to have a change of mind and ask for a refund, you can't really give them a refund on something that they've already accessed through your online course platform. And that's why it's really important to stipulate these terms in your contract and agreement and have things about expiry date, confidentiality, all of those things in your contract. So I've put down in the description section a couple of links to sites which I've used and trust. And I recommend you look at if you're getting started and you don't have a big budget to engage a lawyer, then these contracts can be a really good place to get started with. And like I said, they do include terms about digital products and components as well. And that's why I recommend you look at them. So if it's for one-on-one clients, I recommend you get the one-on-one client agreements. But if you're launching something like an online course or group programs and there's no one-on-one components, then you can look at the terms of purchase or terms of service. So these are a little bit less specific to one-on-one work. OK, and in terms of sending a contract, there's multiple ways. So if you were doing one-on-one contracts, I recommend you send it through your CRM. So that could be through Halaxy, Practice Better or Dubsado. And there are also specific platforms that allows you to send contracts as well. So I use HelloSign myself and there is DocuSign as well. And Pandadoc is free. So there's different versions of it. And if you're selling an online course or group, then I recommend you put that on here and just let people know that they can click on the hyperlink to access your terms of purchase or contract. And on Kajabi, there is a little tick box here that people can tick to say that they agree to it. So whether it's the one-on-one agreement or terms of purchase, I just like to put a little bit of a description here so people know that they're ticking and agreeing to the terms. And by ticking, it means that they've read and agree to the terms. And the next part is onboarding your clients. Like I said earlier, this is probably not going to look very different to what you already have been doing. But we're going to look at how you can automate some parts of it. Like, for example, the welcome email can certainly be automated. So when someone pays and signs up, our course platform Kajabi would trigger an automated welcome email to go out to them. And that can be just congratulating them for taking that first step. They're now in the program. And you can also set some expectations, outline the next steps as well for them to take. So that can be a really nice email to get when someone first signs up to just reinforce that they've made the right decision and they're in the right place. And then you can also automate a login for your online program portal as well. So another email can be automated to go out to say, OK, this is your username, that's your password, and click here to log into your portal. So those two things can be automated. And then the next one is your onboarding form. So these are forms that you probably already have been using with your clients. So we're talking about new client forms, food diaries and test results. So these can be in a separate email that you send to them or you can also incorporate them as part of your welcome email as well. And then you also want to include in your onboarding process a link for booking sessions. So, for example, if your coaching program includes seeing your clients every fortnight or once a month or whatsoever, you want to include that link in the welcome email somewhere that they can click and go ahead and book all their sessions. And I do recommend scheduling all the calls ahead so you're not going to end up with someone not using the calls and then having three sessions or something expire by the end. So I do recommend that you get them to book it in or you can book it in with them during your first call together. So it's in both your calendar and you have that set up ready to go. And the next part of onboarding is that some of you might include community support as part of your program. So that's where you might want to share on your onboarding email the link to the Facebook group or Kajabi communities. Kajabi has got its own community forum as well. So it's a little bit like a Facebook group where people can post. And so that's something to think about if you have that community support. Okay. So that's all for this lesson here. I do have a checklist for you in the download section where you can go and download and then take through some of the things that you need to get ready before you onboard your founding members. So I'll see you over in the next lesson where we're going to talk about what to do once your clients onboard and how you can optimize their experience.
