---
Source Program: Momentum Club
File Name: Module 2.1.mp4
---

Welcome to module two on the Momentum Club. Now module two, it's all about helping you to design your online program. And I bet most of you must be really excited. You can't wait to dig your heels in, get your hands dirty to create your online program. So in this lesson here, I'm going to take you through on a bird's eye view, showing you all the different options that are available to you in the online space. And then in subsequent lessons, you're going to learn how to take all your ideas that is in your brain over the last few months, put it into paper and start to build out your program outline and think about the different elements and support elements that you want to include in your signature online program. And then we're going to finish off this module with creating your program roadmap. Now, if you have been watching the lessons within the accelerator program, you would understand the concept of creating a signature program framework. And what we're doing here is layering it on so we can build your business and take it to the next level using the signature program framework. So we're not creating anything new here. We're just layering it on the different elements to increase the value of what you offer. So let's get started at looking through the different options that are available to you to create within the online space. So I put on this slide all the different offers that people put out in the online space. And the pricing that I've listed here is to be used as a guide just to give you an overarching idea. And these are relative to nutrition elements or nutrition programs that are out there as well in the business coaching world, the prices are much, much higher. But what I want to step you through is the different elements. And as you go down the list on here, you would see that the pricing goes up. So what that means is that as something goes up in value, there's also an increase in time commitment from you or myself as a facilitator of the program. And hence, people are going to get a higher value from your program. So let's start off with the first option that is digital downloads. These are relatively low tier, low price offers, including paid master classes as well. They range between $9.99 to $99. And then you've got memberships, which are a monthly recurring subscription model. And people pay you month after month to stay within your community. And this is a great way to help a lot of people at one time and be able to get that recurring revenue. So it can be priced between $29 to $97 a month. And then next up is self-study courses. So these are self-guided. You can charge anywhere between $100 to $997. People are charging more as well. So it really depends on what's included in your program. And then we've got group coaching and private coaching. So most of you will be really familiar with the private coaching elements. This is like your package or your programs that you've been selling in the background. We're going to talk about how to scale these as well. Now I want to introduce you to the concept of the Ascension model. So in the business coaching world, what people teach within the Ascension model is creating your low ticket offers first, and then you go on to create mid and high ticket office. And you are simply starting with low tier offers like your digital products, your eBooks and recipe books and things like that. And then you layer on the different offers as your business grows. And guys, I don't believe in this model and the way that I teach my clients and have seen lots of success from myself and my clients is the flip side. So I flip the triangle around and what I teach you guys to do is to sell out your one-on-one offers first. You want to be able to generate a consistent revenue before you try out different things, before you branch out and start being more creative with designing different offers within your business. And this is the best way to get started, especially if you have a small audience, it is the best way for you to get some consistent revenue and get that validation. So you can, some of you may start looking at quitting your job and going all in your business and scaling your business with mid and low tier products. So I've got a client who has only about 3000 followers on Instagram, and she was seeing around 10 to 15K monthly revenue, just purely from her one-on-one programs. And now that her time is getting more capped and she sold out her one-on-one spots, we're then looking at building out her mid and low tier offers. So that's what we do to scale your business to multiple five figure months. And most people will comfortably make somewhere around three to 8K a month or even lower three to 5K a month, just through one-on-ones. And then a lot of people would then start to look at quitting their jobs and going all into their business and scale it from there on. So let's look at the low tier offers to get started. So we've got your digital downloads, we've got masterclass and memberships here. So there's lots of pros to it. As you can imagine, they're very low touch offer, so they're very easy and quick for you to create and put together so you don't have to spend months creating something. And because of the price point as well, it's relatively affordable. So people would be willing to pay $27 a month for a membership, for example, it'd be easy for them to say yes to that offer. And that means with more people coming in through the funnel, it's scalable in terms of the number of people that you can help and the income as well. And with memberships, that's when you can build out that monthly recurring revenue and people will be, once you have created automated funnels and different systems and processes in place, you can then make money when you sleep through passive income and having your courses and different things selling in the background. But there is also a flip side of the coin, and this is something that I really want you to take note of, especially coming from my own personal experience. I started off with a membership model and there are a few things which are really important for you to be aware of when it comes to starting off in this model is that although it's affordable for people, it is low cost, but what it means is that you need to have a ton of leads coming in through the front end of the funnel to make that same amount of money. So for example, if you are looking at selling a $10 ebook or recipe book, $10, okay, you must be thinking it's such a no brainer price, I'm sure a lot of people want to buy it. But if you think about it, think about how many copies you'll need to sell to make the same amount of money as you would if you were to sell out your private coaching offer. So let's use 10K as the goal that you want to achieve. To sell a $10 offer, you'll need a thousand copies of ebooks to be sold to make $1,000. So let's get started with looking at the low tier offers. So these are your digital products, your ebooks, your paid masterclass and memberships. There are lots of pros to it, right? It's super easy to create. You don't have to wait for months to have your program created before you launch it. So it's very low effort and low touch from you. And because of the price point as well, it's also super affordable. So it will be easy for someone to hand over their credit card for a $27 a month offer. And because of that, you have lots of people coming in through your offer. That means that you get to build a scalable business. You can have a lot of people that you can help at one time, and then you can create that recurring revenue through memberships, through that membership model. You have people pay you month after month. And once you have automated systems and funnels set up in the background, that's when you can truly create that passive income and make money when you sleep. But there is also a flip side to the coin. And I want to share these things to consider for you because I started off with a membership model myself. So there are a lot of important things that I've learned applying a membership model within a nutrition business is that you do need to have a lot of leads to fill your funnel in order to make the same amount of money as you would with private coaching. So let's say your goal is to make $10,000 a month in your private coaching. And you only need to sell 10 spots at $1,000 each. But if you were to sell a $10 ebook on the flip side and expect to make the same amount of money, guess what? You need to sell 1,000 copies to make $10,000 a month, which is a huge amount of copies to be sold. So there's just something for you to consider. And you do need a big audience as well. So that's why I don't recommend doing until you have built your business, you've grown your audience, then you can start to create all these little passive income streams, right? And because with these kind of products, they're pretty hands off, there is a lack of personalization. So people are not going to expect that hands off one on one approach with you. And because... So first up, let's look at low tier offers. So these are your digital downloads, your ebooks, your paid masterclass, and your memberships. And there are a lot of pros to these kind of products. First off, it's so easy to create and put together, you can kind of create as you go, you don't need to spend months putting everything together. It's relatively low effort as well. And at the price point you're selling it at, it is a lot easier for people to say yes to these offers. So it's a very low barrier to entry and no brainer pricing. And because of that, you've got lots of people coming in through the funnel. That means you can scale your income and your impact. You can help more people at one time and grow your business as well. And with things like memberships, you can build that monthly recurring revenue. And once you have systems and automated processes set up in the background, that's when you can create that passive income and sell courses while you sleep. And that's what people say you can make money when you sleep using that passive income model. And this is something that you can do once you grow your business. So now there is a flip side to the coin, which I want you guys to be aware of, because I personally started with the membership model. So there's a lot of things that I've learned when I applied the membership model to my nutrition business. One thing that I really recognized is that you do need a lot of people. You need a lot of leads to fill your funnel to make the same amount of money. One of my first goals was to make 10k a month in my business. So through selling private coaching, if I were to sell a program at a thousand dollars each, I only need 10 new clients a month to make 10k easily. But on the flip side, if you're trying to sell a $10 ebook, you have to sell a thousand copies to make 10k a month. So you can look at the difference in the amount of leads of people that you need to fill your funnel to make that same amount of money. So it is a lot more work in that sense. And that's why it's so much better to use this model and insert this kind of offer into your offerings once you've grown your audience. Right. I've got a client who has only about 3k followers on Instagram, but she is truly making 10 to 15k a month just by selling one-on-one programs. And basically that was her only model to make that much. And that's why I want you guys to see you don't have to really follow this kind of advice out there. All right. So let's get started with looking at your low tier offers. So these are things like your digital downloads, your ebooks, your paid masterclasses and memberships. There was a lot of pros to it. It's first up relatively easy to create. You can kind of create as you go. So it's very low effort. And because it's a hands-off product, you don't really need to spend too much time with people one-on-one at all. You don't even have to at all, in fact. And what you need to know about this is that... All right. Let's get started with your low tier offer. So here we're looking at your digital products like your ebooks, meal plans that you sell, paid masterclasses and memberships. And there are a lot of pros to consider. So it's things like it's relatively easy and quick for you to create and put together. You don't have to spend months creating a comprehensive program. And it's also relatively low barrier to entry because of the price point. It's easier for someone to say yes at a $27 a month offer than a $2,700 program. And because of that, you have a lot of people coming through. You get to scale your business really quickly and also scale your impact and you can help more people at one time. And with a membership model, that's when you can create that monthly recurring revenue. And once you have set up automations and systems in the background and those funnels in place, you can truly create that passive income and make money when you sleep. But there is also a flip side to the coin where I want you to consider, especially when it comes to online nutrition businesses. I personally started off with the membership model and there's a lot of things that I've learned, which I think is really important for you to know. And one of the first thing is that because these are very low price products, you do need a lot of leads to fill your funnel. So what I mean by that is, for example, if you're selling out private coaching, your goal is to make 10K a month. And if your private coaching program is $1,000, you only need 10 new clients to make 10K a month. But if you're looking at growing your business using digital products, like let's use a $10 ebook as an example, you'll have to sell a thousand copies, have a thousand people buy your product to make 10K a month. So it's a lot of leads that you'll have to find, and it's going to be really difficult, especially if you're in the early stages and you're still trying to grow your audience, it's going to be really challenging and stressful. And because with digital products, it's a lot more hands off, you don't have those one on one support elements, there's no personalization involved. And when it comes to nutrition, every one is different. And that's why you really want to consider a different approach when it comes to growing your business in the first stage before tackling digital products, because you need to know how you can help people first up in the most effective way and give them the most value before creating a more hands off product. And the other thing is a lot of people think it's easy for them to sell a $27 product. It's a no brainer. And that's exactly what I was thinking when I was selling my membership as well. But now that I've sold much, much higher priced programs, I know that it requires the same efforts, equally hard to sell both. So it's really thinking about selling out the one on one first, getting as much practice as you can in place and growing your income, and then looking at selling digital programs. So first up, let's look at your low tier offers. So these are your digital downloads, your meal plans that you sell online, masterclasses and memberships. There are a lot of pros to this. First of all, it's so much easier for you to create, it doesn't require a lot of time, and you can kind of create as you go as well. So you don't have to spend months putting together a comprehensive program. Now, there is a much lower barrier to entry for your customers as well, because it's much more affordable at $29 a month. You would think it's easier for someone to hand over the credit card and say, yes, you no brainer offer. And because of that, you'll have more people coming in through to buy your program. So you can scale your income and have more people that you can help at one time. So it's scalable in terms of the income and impact perspective. And then because you get, for example, in the membership model, you get to have that recurring revenue coming in month after month. So first up, let's look at your low tier offer. So here we've got your digital downloads, your eBooks, your masterclass and your memberships. And there is a lot of pros to creating this kind of products and including that in your product suite. So low tier offers are relatively easy and quick to put together. That means that you don't have to spend months putting together a comprehensive program. And because they are at a much more affordable price point, you would think that lots of people will be saying yes to your offer. So it's a lower barrier to entry for your customers. And because you get to have more people coming in, you get to scale your income and scale your impact as well and help more people at one time. And with a membership model, you get to build that recurring revenues that you get paid month after month. And once you have systems and automations and funnels set up in place, that's when you can make money when you sleep and create that passive income stream through all these digital products and masterclasses that could be recorded and people go through it in their own time. But as good as it sounds, there is a flip side to the coin. And this is coming from my own personal experience. Having started with a membership model, there's a lot of things that I've learned when it comes to applying this in my nutrition business. So one thing is, yes, it may sound like it's a no brainer pricing, but what I've really recognized is that it's equally hard to sell a $29 a month program versus a $2,900. So what I've realized, so what I've realized is that it's equally hard to sell a $29 a month membership versus a $2,900 private coaching program. A lot of people would think it's so easy to sell. It's a no brainer price, but it requires the same amount of work. And to give you an idea, let's say if you


So let's get started with looking at your low-tier office. So this is where your digital downloads, your eBooks, your paid masterclass and memberships come in. There's a lot of pros to this kind of model. First up, it's super easy for you to create and quick to put together. You can kind of create as you go as well. And because of the price point, it's a no barrier to entry or very low barrier to entry. It's a lot easier. So first up, let's look at your low-tier office. So it's things like your digital downloads, your eBooks, your paid masterclasses and memberships. So there are a lot of pros to this kind of offer and including that within your business. Things like it's super quick and easy for you to create and put together. You don't have to spend months putting together a comprehensive program. And because of the price point that's at between $29 to $97 a month, it's so much easier for people to say yes, right? A lot of people would know that yes, $29 a month, I don't have to think twice about it. And because of that low barrier to entry and you get to be able to grow your business really quickly with this kind of model and have more people that you can help at one time, so you can create that big impact. And with a membership model, you get to build that recurring revenue where people pay month after month to be within your community. And once you have the right systems and processes and automation set up behind the scenes, you can create that passive income revenue and sell courses or products as you sleep. But there is also a flip side to the coin, okay? And having gone through the membership model myself, that's what I started with in my business. There are some things that you need to consider when it comes to applying it to your nutrition business. And the cons, the other side of the story is that yes, it's lower price, but you also need to sell a lot of it to make the same amount of money. So to give you an example, if you charge $1,000 for your private coaching program, you only need to sell 10 of those spots to make 10K a month. But if you were to be selling a $10 ebook, you need to sell 1,000 copies of that to make the same amount of money. So 1,000 copies to make 10K a month. So it's a huge amount of leads that you need to get in front of your business. And with that in mind, that means that you need a bigger audience. And that's why I really recommend that you don't start off with this if you're in the earlier stages of your business, start off with your one-on-one programs. And as you scale your business, once you have more audience to sell to, you can consider this option. And because this approach is much more hands-off, that means that there won't be any personalization involved in your digital products. And you need to consider within your business model, with nutrition and with the kind of clients that you help, does a hands-off approach work for them? Because nutrition is so unique, all our bodies are so unique. This is something really important for you to consider as well. And also with a membership model, just one last thing I want to say is that there is a huge focus and effort required in working on the retention. So people don't leave your membership. And that was something that I was certainly stressing about every single month. All right, so there's pros and cons to this model. And I hope this gives you a really good overview of why digital products or low-tier offers isn't the best option to start with in the beginning. And then next up, we have your self-study courses, which is similar to your low-tier offer. They will be a little bit high in price and somewhere between a hundred bucks to a thousand dollars. The pros of it is that you could create it once and sell it over and over again. So it can be hands-off and self-guided as well. Again, because of this, it's very scalable and it could be more affordable than one-on-one programs. The cons of it is that you need to sell, again, same thing as your low-tier offer, a lot of units to make the same amount of money and there's no personalization involved. And it's also pretty hard to sell because no one wants to buy a course. They want that personalized one-on-one support and help for them to overcome their problem. And then we've got nutrition coaching, which can be a really good way to scale your business as well. You can offer that live group coaching experience or there can be a series of pre-recorded videos and then you simply just show up live to answer people's question. There is a huge community element to this. So it's great for people who like to be networking and be in the support environment of other people who are going through the same problems as they are. And you can scale it to a certain extent. So you may want to have, let's say, 10 to 20 people within a group that you can help at one time. But there is a limit to that. You can't have hundreds of people in your group coaching program, especially in nutrition business. I think it'll be pretty hard to have and facilitate that number of people within the group. There is cons to it as well. One big thing that I see in my clients that runs group coaching programs is that the timing is often an issue. And especially for most of you being in the online space, you have an international plant base. So you just need to make sure that you find a time that works for most people. And I say most people here because you don't really have to go out your back and find a time that suits everyone. But you need to find a time that suits most people. And some people might be a little bit shy as well, and they might not voice out within the group. So this isn't for everyone. And personalization can happen to a certain extent, depending on your niche. Like maybe, for example, in the fertility or IVF niche, it might be super private and people may not really want to share too much at all. Same with IBS and gut health. Some people might feel really embarrassed talking about their bowel habits in front of people that are strangers to them. So these are important elements to consider when it comes to creating group programs. And lastly, private coaching. This is your packages, your one-on-one programs that you guys are very familiar with. You know that you can fully personalize the experience and the information that you teach to the individual. And because of the huge amount of time that you're committing to helping this person, you can charge high ticket prices. So that's when you can go a lot higher with what you're selling. The cons of it, because you're committing your time and energy, there is a limit to it. Time is a limited resource. So you can only help this number of people at one time. So you might find that once you book out your one-on-one service or your program, it's time to then start looking at other models of service. And so considering all of this that I've just covered with you, I want to share with you this hybrid program model, which is basically my approach I found works really well in the online nutrition space that encompasses and takes into consideration all the pros and cons of different offers. I've put together this model approach where you can use, once you've sold out your one-on-one offer, this is the next step to look at. Your hybrid program offer allows you to infuse your one-on-one with the digital approach. So you get to scale your business. And then once you do that and you sell up your hybrid programs, that's when you can start looking at scaling it with low tier and mid tier offers. Okay, so that's all giving you that overview of online courses and programs and things to consider. In the next lesson, I'm going to take you through how to develop your program promise, and then you're going to learn later on how to develop your program outline as well. So I'll see you over in the next lesson.
