---
Source Program: Momentum Club
File Name: Module 1.4.mp4
---

Welcome back. So in this lesson here, I'm going to talk about how you can take your lead who's just downloaded your lead magnet and turn them into a potential client or customer. So at this point, I'm going to dive a little bit into the techie part of your email marketing. Now don't stress about this. If you haven't created your lead magnet yet, I want you to focus on getting your lead magnet done. And this part applies to what happens after you created your lead magnet, where to host it and what to do with it. So in the last lesson, I've talked about the opt-in page and what you need to consider when you're putting together your opt-in page and making sure that people actually take the action you want them to take, which is to put in the name and email address. And in this lesson, I'm going to talk about the next part of it, what happens after someone gives you the details. And here, I'm going to talk about the thank you page. So if you don't know what a thank you page looks like, that's an example here of what it would look like on a platform called ConvertKit. So ConvertKit is an email marketing platform that we recommend you to do or use if you're someone who's new to email marketing. And that is here the default thank you page design that just says success. Now check your email to confirm your subscription. And that is a key mistake that I see a lot of people make when they are putting together their lead magnet and sending that out to people because you're missing a huge opportunity here. Now imagine if you're someone who's downloading a lead magnet from someone else, from me, for example, and you're excited to learn about the topic and you're starting to get to know me. And this is the part where you're most likely to take action when you're the most motivated. So this is where you as a marketer can start making use of this opportunity to get people closer to taking that next step. So here, I want to highlight that your thank you page is really your golden opportunity for them to take action because this is where they're the most excited to learn and consume. So your golden opportunity here is to include a call to action on your thank you page instead of having a default one. And you can easily set this up on ConvertKit or your website if you have a website already. So we're going to show you in later videos on how to do that. So here's an example thank you page here from ConvertKit. And in the first part here, you really just want to confirm and let them know that they have successfully opted in to your lead magnet. And you want to say to them to please check your spam folder in case you haven't received it. It's on its way to you. So it helps them to know that they're in. But this part here, the second part here is really the crucial part where you want them to take another action. So this is your call to action section. But you say, but wait, there's more. I have something special for you. And this is where I've put together some dot points of what you can include as your call to action. So your call to action might be, are you struggling with gut issues and having a bloating or having lots of tummy cramps and you don't know what to eat? Book a free discovery call to learn how you can blah, blah, blah. So it encourages them to take that next step to connect with you, or you can get them to join the waitlist for your program. Or if you are someone who's already developed an evergreen webinar, or this might be something that you do later on, when you have an evergreen webinar, you might get people, invite people to go register for your webinar to learn more about working with you. Or you could get them to join a free Facebook group that you already have. So then go in there and be a part of your community. And the last option here is a really cool option that you might want to consider. And that's where you could do a limited time trip wire or an upsell. So typically for this kind of selling, you want to make it super low risk and super low cost because people are not quite the stage of fully trusting you yet. So you want to make it super easy and low risk for them as their investment. So you might want to upsell them to something really low cost, under $20, like a meal plan or a recipe book. Again, you may not have these kind of assets or resources developed just yet, but once you are further along in your business, you might include a little resource here that you can upsell someone into. And like I said earlier, I use That Clean Life. So like I say earlier, I use That Clean Life to develop my recipe ebook so you could easily churn out another recipe ebook to upsell them onto. So that's just a thought for you there. Now after your thank you page, that's when you will deliver that freebie to that person via email. So this is where you can set it up to be an automated process. So once that person enters their name and the email address, it triggers the email marketing platform to send that first email. And if you are on, depending on what tier you're on, on the marketing platform, you might be able to set up a nurture email sequence as well. So I'll speak a little bit more to that in another lesson, but I just want to show you the flow of what will happen once someone opts in. Okay, now just to quickly share about a difference here. Some people get confused about an email sequence or a once-off email, so I just wanted to quickly explain that. So a nurture email sequence is basically a series of emails that you put together and you automate that. So for example, if you download my Instagram Reels workbook, it triggers my email marketing platform to send you the first email. And because I've already preset a nurture sequence, you get another email the second day, the third day, the fourth day, so on and so forth. So then it makes it easier for me. I don't have to manually send these emails and it just helps me to nurture a deeper relationship with these people. And again, remember when someone's just downloaded your freebie, they're in the early stages of trusting you. So you need to build that trust and rapport. And that's what your series of emails would serve to do. And these are time-based triggers, so you can preset that to be sent at a certain time point based on when that person opts in to your list. So I have already put together a swipe file for you with a series of emails that you can use if you want to set up an email nurture sequence. I do highly recommend you do something like that because it really just sets someone on the right foot, helps them to get to know you, and you tend to be able to build that relationship much better and make a better use of your email marketing software. So if you use something like ConvertKit, for example, you do need to be on the paid tier for you to leverage this feature. So again, I'll speak to this a little bit more in future lessons. And the difference to that is the email broadcast. When it's an email broadcast, you're just sending one email, one single email to everyone who's on your list right now. So that could be something like a weekly newsletter. You might be having a sale that's coming up. You want to send everyone a notification on this date, so that can be scheduled or you can send it as you create it. It's sent to everyone who's on your list right now. So if someone joins your list tomorrow, they're not going to get this email because they're not on your list today. Hopefully that makes sense. And I do recommend, once you've finished someone on your nurture sequence, you might have five emails as part of your nurture sequence. That's when you want to look at emailing your list on a regular basis, so you get to stay top of mind and to remember who you are. And if you were to send email broadcasts, I would say every one or two weeks, so you stay fresh. Now the key here is to remember, you don't want to be just slamming people with emails when you're trying to sell to them. So you want to nurture them on a regular basis. And that's why I recommend you have a sequence like that, just to provide value and to build that relationship. They start to trust you a little bit more. So when you ask for that sale later on, when you have a launch, it does make it so much easier. All right, so go to the download section. Now I've got a swipe file and a template there for you to use and setting up your email nurture sequence. Like I said, don't stress about this if you haven't completed your lead magnet yet, but if you have, this is a time for you to start creating your nurture email sequence. In the next lesson, I'm going to talk about choosing your email marketing platform. I'll see you over there.
