---
Source Program: Momentum Club
File Name: Module 1.8 (Bonus - ENDING).mp4
---

Welcome to this very last lesson here, which is the bonus lesson here in module one, which is all about getting your first thousand leads, getting as many people see and notice your lead magnet as possible so you can grow your email list and get more potential clients coming in through the doors. So now that you have your lead magnet ready or almost ready, let's talk about how you can promote it. Now the first step is for most of you, you would already have an established social media following. So this is really the first place to get started. Remember, you should have already polled your audience about this lead magnet that you're thinking of creating. So you should have validated the idea. So what you want to do is to take your audience through a journey of you creating it. So they get excited and they know that something big is coming. So this is where you can share sneak peeks of behind the scenes of you creating your lead magnet, letting people know that it's coming up on X and X date or in a couple of weeks time. So they know and anticipate that happening soon. And then you can officially launch your lead magnet as a post so you can put it on the post with a call to action for people to go download it. Or what you can do is put it on your Instagram stories. And what you want to do is tell people about the problem that you've been noticing. Like give them a runway or a lead into it without just sending them directly to your lead magnet. So you might want to say, have you been struggling with meal planning? Did you know that X number of people, you know, struggle to meal plan. And this is why I've created a brand new meal planning resource for people who are following a vegan diet. It's completely yours for free, usually valued at $47. And if you want it, send me a DM or tap on a poll or something like that, and I'll send it to you. Or you can go to the link in bio, but I'm going to show you a secret strategy very shortly in the next slide of what you can do. Okay. And then the next thing is make sure you add it as a link in bio. So if you already have multiple links, you might want to use link tree and put it there so people can find it. You also want to maybe look at other ways to portray or send the information out. So it might be adding it to an end. And you also want to look at other formats of letting people know about your lead magnet. So maybe if you're creating a carousel post where you have multiple slides or images, and it's relevant to your lead magnet, then you want to put that as your last call to action slide on your carousel post. So this is super cool because you're promoting your lead magnet without promoting it in the first image, if you know what I mean, because you want to show it to people in different formats so it looks fresh. You could also talk about your lead magnet during an Instagram live, or you can add it as a clickable link on your IGTV if it's relevant, again, in the captions, because that's one of the places that people can click on to go directly to that link. So don't forget to talk about it often. You want to talk about it at least once or twice a week in the beginning. And as you go further along, anytime you share about a story or something that's relevant, send people there. So on this slide, I've just put up a series of just an example clip to give you an idea of how I promote my training. So here I've talked about a problem that people are experiencing, and then getting them curious about what's coming. So in the next slide, I show them what the masterclass is and what they're going to learn out of it. And now Instagram has released a new feature where you can include a link for them to click on without needing that swipe up feature, because they're actually removing that now. So you don't need a huge following to have that feature for people to tap on the link directly, which is super cool. If you don't have this link feature, you could use a poll like that, where you can get people to click on the poll, and then you can send the link. So here I've said that this training is back by popular demand. So then I give people the option of saying, send me the link, or I've registered. So I can look at my insights afterwards and go back and see who's voted, send me the link, and then I can send them the direct link via DM, which is super cool. And friends, right here is a super strategic option that you can use on Instagram. It is using the auto responder feature, which is also called safe replies. So we know that when someone is watching Instagram stories, you don't really want to disrupt that flow of them watching through stories, and they may not want to go to the link in bio to click on that link, because they're watching people's story and they don't really want to get out of there. So what you can do is to get people to comment in that story, just right there, and then when they're watching it, they can type in the comments something. So then what you do here is you preset it up where you go saved replies. So it's under the business account, only if you have a business account, and if you go to settings, and then business, and then safe replies, and then you can go type in the shortcut. So the shortcut here is the keyword that you want to put. So let's say if you want people to say freebie, F-R-E-E-B-I-E, freebie as the keyword. So whenever someone types in freebie into the DM as a reply to you, then you're going to set up an automated response here that sends them the link. So your automated response here could be, hey, thank you so much for expressing interest in my freebie. I'm so excited to send it to you, here's the link to go straight and download it. So when someone types in that comment into your story, that's then going to trigger a conversation to happen on the DM, and then your automated reply here would be to send them the link. So you don't even have to do it. That's automatically done through Instagram, which is so cool. A lot of people don't know about this, so I highly recommend that you give this a try, especially if you're someone with a bigger account and you don't have a lot of time, this is going to save you a whole bunch of time. So once you've promoted it on social media, the next step is to promote it on your website, if you have one. So there's multiple places that you can put it on your website. I'm going to start with showing you here on the homepage of my IBS website. There's a little section here right on the homepage. Right away when they get in, here's a little prompt for them to download that freebie. You can also put it on the top banner as well of your website, where you can tell them to go click on that link and it takes them to the opt-in page. And that can go on the banner of every single page. Okay, so that's two options. The other option is you could integrate it as part of your blog. So if you have a blog article and you have a freebie that relates to it, you could get them to opt-in on your blog itself. So you can have a little pop-up box there that you get them to put in the email and the name, and then they can get that free resource, or the other option is using a pop-up. So if they're scrolling through your page, then you can set it to a pop-up for them to download it as a prompt. So there's multiple ways that you can promote it on your website. And the next thing is promoting it on Facebook. So if you are using social media, I know most of you would have Facebook, so you can post it as a freebie on your Facebook page so everyone sees it. But if you don't have your own Facebook page, you might be in other people's Facebook groups. So it might be like a bigger group that's run by people in a similar niche. So you might just want to ask the page admin if it's okay if you share about your free resource. And most of the time, they'll be completely okay with it because it's not a paid resource per se. So they know that it's going to help the people. They'll be more than happy for you to post about it. Or if you run a Facebook group yourself, you can on the request section, when someone requests to join your page, you can add in a question in there. In addition to, do you agree to the rules? You can add in a question there to ask for the email address if they want to opt into your freebie. So then that's another way for you to get permission to email them. And just lastly, the other places that you can pop it on is maybe to add it to your email signature on the emails, or you can promote it to your current list. So if you already have a list that is not very, you're not very active, you haven't been emailing them, you could revive your list and tell people, Hey, I haven't been in touch for a while. Really sorry. I've been busy behind the scenes, putting together some really exciting things for you guys. I have a brand new resource here for vegan meal planning, for example. If you're keen, reply to this email or click this button to download it. Then your email list will start to get even more streamlined and you know, okay, these are people that are still really active, they're still engaging and then you can continue to email them. All right. Or alternatively, if you have been invited as a guest on other people's podcasts, you can also promote it on there as well. So if you can save, you can come and connect with me on Facebook, on Instagram, or I have a brand new resource that I would love for you to send to you and here's the link to download it. So then, you know, you can just promote it on multiple platforms as much as possible so everyone gets to hear about it. So it's really now over to you. I am handing the ball to you to take action. We know that if you continue to sit where you are, no one's going to see your resource. It's not going to help anyone. So instead of letting procrastination, self-doubt or perfectionism hold your new tracks, let's get your lead magnet out there. Okay. So I want you to grab your calendar, go to your calendar right now and put in a date of when you want to launch it. If you've watched right till the end and you haven't created your lead magnet yet, I do recommend allocating about two to four weeks to put it together, to set it up and to get all the tech stuff sorted. So if you haven't done it, put a date and allow yourself enough time to get through it. But if you've already created your lead magnet, go and pick a date, maybe one or two weeks and get it out there to the world. And remember, your first lead magnet is not going to be your last one. So don't aim for perfection. Just aim for progress and get it out there so it can help people. I'll see you over in the last. So that's all for now. I'll see you in the next module.
