---
Source Program: Momentum Club
File Name: Module 4.1.mp4
---

Welcome to module four of the Momentum Club. Now in this module here, it's all about how you can monetize your program as you are creating it because I want you to get paid as soon as possible as you're creating your program. Now we're going to kick off this module here, we're talking about why you should pre-sell your program and how you can go about doing that. And if you're watching this lesson here, I'm going to presume that you would have already started creating your online program and you're planning your next step. So now's a good time to start thinking ahead and consider how you can launch your program for the first time to the public. And one of the biggest mistakes that I see course creators make is that they wait for far too long before they launched a program. There are so many different reasons why someone might be waiting for far too long. It might be that they're wanting to have their program fully complete before they release it to the world. And sometimes it can take anywhere between three to 12 months for that to happen. So you certainly don't want to keep waiting until you've got everything done because you could be missing out on a whole lot of opportunity to serve your audience and get your clients results and also potentially leaving a lot of money on the table as well. And the second thing is a lot of us are also coming up with emotions like we're fearing a failure. And the second thing is I know that some of you may have emotions, in fact, lots of emotions running through your head right now. The second thing is I know that some of you might have a lot of thoughts and emotions going through you at the moment. You might be fearing judgment by others, by your peers or colleagues on what you're doing because you're putting yourself out there and so you're open to judgment by others. And you might also be fearing failure as well. You might be thinking to yourself, what if no one wants to buy my program? What if it's not good enough? What I want you to remember is that when you show up to serve, no one can call you up for it. When you have a heart to help people and recognizing that this is going to be the first round of your program, nothing's going to be perfect and it will never be perfect. So I really want you to have an open mind and put yourself out there knowing that you're here to help people and to transform lives and it will be so much easier. I promise you. There are a lot of benefits to pre-sell. Now there are so many benefits for you to pre-sell your program. It really allows you to validate your program idea as you're creating it so you don't end up spending months and months creating something that your audience may not want to buy. And best of all, you get paid as you're creating something. So it really helps to give you that boost of confidence knowing that this is something that people want. And the most important part is that it really keeps you accountable to your clients for you to complete your program because nothing beats knowing that people have paid you and they're waiting for the next module or the next lessons to come through. And also it allows you to get your clients results to help them achieve health changes and transformations. And when they do so, you can ask for testimonials or feedback, which will allow you to achieve or obtain social proof, which you can use for your marketing when you go on to launch your program next. And lastly, what I think is really important is that allows you to obtain feedback from your clients. So you will get questions, you'll get feedback from your clients about certain resources that they might want to help them, or they might let you know that there's a spelling or type of mistake somewhere. And this will really be useful information for you to incorporate into your program as you improve and evolve it. So there are five phases to launching. So the first phase here, which is, so there are five phases to launch. So there are five, so there are five key phases when it comes to launching. Phase number one to three is your pre-launch phase. So that's when you attract your audience, you nurture them, and then phase three is about exciting them. So there's five phases when it comes to launching. So the first part is your pre-launch phase, which is phase one, attracting your ideal clients. Phase two is nurturing them. And then phase three is creating the excitement for your program that's coming. And then when it comes to launch phase, that's your phase four, which is when you present your offer to your audience. And then phase five is about evaluating your launch and your program. And that happens in the post-launch phase. And all of it really needs to happen in order for you to keep improving your launches and to grow your audience for your next launch as well. Now I know some of you might be thinking at this stage that you have so much to do. You're serving your clients and you're also creating an online program as well. You might be thinking, how and where do I even get started with this? Now I know that you have already been preparing and creating an online program, so you might be thinking about how to really launch it. And my suggestion, which is the best way to get your program out there, is by something called a founding members launch. It is also known as a soft launch or a beta launch in the online program world. And this is really the easiest way for you to put your program out there so you can validate it, you can gain momentum and monetize it as you create. So this is going to be really the first type of formal launch that you would do for your program. Like I said, it's very laid back, so you don't really have to prepare a lot of things before you get started with this type of launch. And what I would recommend when you're doing a founding members launch is to enroll round about three to five founding members. And the reason why I recommend you don't enroll too many is that you really want this to be manageable for you because you're going to be creating your lessons and modules as you go. So you really want to make sure that you have given yourself enough space in your calendar to serve your clients and to finish your program. Now earlier on, I show you the five phases of launching a program. And what I want to make it relevant here is to relate it to the founding members launch. So what we'll focus on in this lesson is phase three, which is your exit phase. And then in the next lesson, I'm going to talk about the offer phase, which is the beta offer that you're going to be launching. So when it comes to the exit phase here, what you need to do before you launch your program, and this is really an important stage because it will determine the outcome of any launch launches. And that's the work that you put in to warm up your audience and to nurture them and to get them excited before you even launch. And the whole reason of this phase is really just to create that hype and excitement for your audience to let them know that something new is coming. You're creating the awareness there. You want them to recognize that there is a problem that they're facing and help them to see how urgent or painful that problem is potentially and how it's affecting them on their daily lives. And then what you want to do as part of this exit phase, not only to create awareness of your ideal client's problems and helping them to recognize it themselves, it's also to start showing them sneak peeks and taking them behind the scenes of you creating your online program. You want to take them on this journey here. And when they feel like they're a part of your journey, they can see and know what you're working on. That helps to get them excited. Nothing beats them following you on a journey and wanting to be a part of it as well. And then what you need to also do during this phase is to start showing social proof. And then what you need to do as part of this phase as well is to start showing social proof. So what I mean by that is if you have already collected testimonials or feedback from your clients and you're allowed to use it as part of your regulations in your country and there's no restrictions there, then I definitely recommend that you start showcasing results or screenshots of what your clients have said to you. And of course, you can make it anonymous and block out the names as well, because that's going to add credibility to you and your potential program that's coming up. And then in this phase, you want to start capturing interest from people who might be interested in your program. This is a very low commitment one where you just grab their name and their email address so you can keep them in the loop. And really to maintain the excitement. So what I recommend is starting the excite phase round about six weeks before your program comes along and it's ready for your beta loan. So what I recommend is. So what I recommend is in executing this phase here, the excite phase round about four to six weeks before you're ready to do your founding members launch. So I'm going to give you some information in the attachments. So what you want to do is to execute the excite phase round about four to six weeks before you have your founding members launch. And I'm going to put some information in the download section here for you so you can have a checklist to tick off things that you need to prepare in the lead up to. So what I recommend is to start the excite phase round about four to six weeks before your founding members launch. You want to keep it fresh. You don't want to do it too early. You also don't want to do it too late because you want people to recognize that something is coming and you need to get them excited. Now something that you could say to encourage your audience to go and sign up for your waitlist is something like that. And you can share this in your story or your post captions. So you could say after helping, this is where you put in your idea. Let's say if it's someone with fertility problems and they want to conceive. So you could say something like after helping women with fertility conceive, I am so excited to finally announce that I'll be releasing a brand new program to help women who are struggling with infertility achieve a healthy baby and conceive. Something like that. All right. So how you can share this with your audience is potentially sharing something like that in your stories, or you can put it in the captions of your post. And I'm going to use an example of IBS here because I know it best. And of course, this can be adapted to suit your niche as well. And you'll just have to replace what I've got in the sage color there with what's relevant for you. So you could say something like after helping women with IBS, after helping women with IBS find relief from uncomfortable gut symptoms, I'm so excited to finally announce that I'll be releasing a brand new program to help women with IBS achieve long-term freedom from uncomfortable gut symptoms. I'm launching this in May, so you could put in any date you want there really. And if you've been struggling with long-term gut problems and you're struggling to find relief, this program is for you. Now go ahead and join the waitlist now. So you'll be the first to be notified when doors are open and get access to a special waitlist bonuses and exclusive discounts as well. Now this is something you definitely don't want to miss, so go ahead and join the waitlist now. All right. So this is where you kind of set the scene and let them know what's coming. And then the next stage is creating a waitlist page. Of course, you want to create the waitlist page beforehand, but this is where you want to send them. All right. So what you do here is to set the scene for them. And then once you've let them know, all right, so what you've done, all right, so I've given you an example here of how you can share and lay the foundation to let, all right. So I've given you an example here of how you can share your program that's coming with your audience and lay the scene, set the scene for them. All right. So I've given you an example here of some potential wording you can use when you're sharing your upcoming program with your audience and use this as a guide. And you can certainly adapt it to suit your niche as well. You just have to replace what's relevant for you in the section that's in Sage color. So I'm going to use the example of IBS because I know it best. So let's have a go at this. So you could say something like that in your stories or in the captions of your posts and let them know. After helping women with IBS struggling with uncomfortable gut symptoms, I'm so excited to finally announce that I'll be releasing a brand new program to help women who's been struggling with long-term gut problems, achieve freedom. I'm launching this in, so this is when you can put the months I'm going to use January. And if you've been struggling with symptoms for so long, this program is specially for you. So go ahead to the link in my bio and join the waitlist now. So you'll be the first to be notified when doors open to my program and get access to special waitlist bonuses and exclusive discounts. Now this is something that you definitely don't want to miss. So keep your eyes peeled. All right. So essentially that's all you say. And then you can send them to your waitlist page. So I'm going to show you what a waitlist page could look like and what you need to include in there. I've also included in the download section, some things that you need to consider as well to guide you in your sales page. All right, so a waitlist page is really helpful for you to capture interest from your audience so you know who's interested. So when you are about to launch a program, you know how many people could potentially come through. So you want to create your waitlist page on different platforms. I'm just going to show you an example here of, so I'm going to show you how you can create a waitlist page. This is really helpful for you to capture interest from your audience to know potentially how many people are interested in something like that. And if you have zero people on your waitlist, that means that you probably need to warm your audience up and nurture them before you launch. So that's going to give you an indication of whether or not it's the right time to do your beta launch. So you want to create your waitlist page on any platforms that you've got. So it could be something like your website, it could be something like Kajabi if you're using that to house your course. And there is a few different options that I'll show in the next slide. But what I want to show you here is some of the key elements to include on your waitlist page. And I've also included on the download section here as well, a checklist of some of the things to consider when creating your waitlist page. So some of the key elements that you want to put in there is to let people know who is this program for. So I don't think you can really read it very well here, but what I want you to see here is just some identifier. So people know who this program is for, and then you want them to know what the program promise is. So this is where you might include some dot points of what people are going to potentially achieve from your program. And then give them a heads up of when it's coming as well. So you can let them know that it's coming in January 2022, if you like, or any dates. If you don't know when yet, you can just say it's coming between January to February. So it gives you that flexibility to adjust if needed. And then you also want to give them a reason to be on the waitlist as well. Why would they want to put their name and take that time to do that? So this is where you might say things like get on the waitlist to be the first to know when we open the door so you get access to all these special bonuses and discounts. And that can be something that will be an enticement to them. And then, like I said earlier, you could build your landing page using things like your website. You can use Kajabi or Podia, depending on which course hosting platform you use. Or if you have your email list on ConvertKit, you can also easily create your landing page there as well. Or Leap Pages is another option if you don't have any of these. But I would say Leap Pages is probably the last option. It is also a little bit more pricey as well. So I don't generally recommend that. Now once someone has popped in the details, you would want to take them to the Thank You page. You want to let them know that they're officially on the waitlist and you're going to tell them what the next steps are. So this is where I recommend setting up a trigger. So when someone adds their name and email address to your waitlist, then it will trigger an automation of emails to go out to them. So you want to say in your emails, thank you, you're in, and then let them know what's going to happen next. And then you might want to send a few more nurture emails to warm them up on the list. I've also given you some examples of what kind of content include in your warmup sequence as well. So you'll find that in the download section. Now on the Thank You page, I think it's really important to remind people to go to their spam or junk folder if they don't see your email, because sometimes emails can land up there and they will never know what you've sent them, will never get to see it. So I recommend that you get them to check the spam folder. You could offer a quick freebie if you like. So if you've got something really quick and relevant to your program that's upcoming, you could include a little thank you there for them to download. Or if you have a Facebook group, you could always get them to join your Facebook group as well, because that's another connection point for you to nurture them. But if you don't have a Facebook group, don't worry about that. All right, so that's it for this lesson. In the next lesson, we're going to look at how you can design your founder's offer. So I'll see you over there.
