---
Source Program: Momentum Club
File Name: Module 4.2.mp4
---

All right, so let's get started with designing and pricing your founding members offer. So before we go any further, I want you to go to the description section right below this video and click on the link and that will take you to a Canva template I've pre-designed for you to input and create your program pricing. So if you've done the accelerator program modules, you would be familiar with this template. It's exactly the same thing. We're just going to learn how to price it more appropriately with an online program portal for your premium offering moving forward. So first of all, I want you to have that right up on your screen as you're listening to this, because I want you to go through and start inputting different items that's included as part of your program and how to put a value on it. So you might find this helpful to do it together at the same time as I'm talking about it and then pause the video and come back to it. So first of all, I want to chat about the program portal access. So a lot of people do ask me, how long do I give access to the program portal for? So my recommendation is not to do lifetime access. So when I say lifetime, that means the lifetime off the program. So in the online course, well, it's for as long as the online course exists. And if you do decide to close it down, that's when the access will end. But who knows how long this will be for? So I do recommend that you don't do lifetime access and actually have a time limit. So that will also encourage your clients to complete the program within a set time. And most people are not going to log in after 12 months. So I do recommend my standard recommendation is to just go for somewhere between six to 12 months. And if you were to do 12 months access, I do recommend placing a value of a thousand dollars on your online program portal. Now, I think most of the time no one's going to really charge a thousand dollars for the online program. So what I recommend here is having that amount. So you have that wiggle room. So if you do decide to sell your program portal on its own as a self-paced course in the future, then you can run sales and promotion. And if you do like 50 percent off, then that's really going to be five hundred dollars and you're not really missing out on too much. So that's why I recommend about a thousand dollars for a 12 months access your online portal. And then next up, you want to start putting on the sessions or the consult sessions that you're going to have together. So you might itemize them differently. Your forty five minute initial session could be two hundred dollars. So what you want to do here is just work out what your hourly rate is and then you can work backwards. All right. And then your reviews, you might have seven reviews with them of 30 minutes each and the value of that is seven hundred dollars. And then I want you to start thinking about all the different things that you're going to include as part of your program and put a value next to it. So you might have a recipe e-book that you provide to your clients and you could put a value of fifty dollars on it. And like I said, these are arbitrary values, so don't think too hard about it. As long as it looks reasonable, I think that's fine. And then you might include a 14 day meal plan as part of a bonus for people to get them started and get some quick wins. So that could be valued at one hundred dollars. And then you might have a whole bunch of other resources and things that you might include as part of your program. So you could put a value of 350 on it. And then the next part is email support. So if you offer in-between appointment consultations and support by email or in-app messaging, I do recommend placing a value of round about fifty dollars every month. And again, you just need to work backwards based on how much time you're going to be spending doing reviews and consults between sessions by emails and then putting a value on that. So just based on the example, let's say if the total value of the package or the program is twenty six fifty, then you're going to want to put a usual price on it. So knowing that people are not really going to pay the full value, what you want to do here is just say what the usual price is. Again, this could be your ultimate goal of how much you want to charge. So you don't really have to charge that much for your first founding members offer. You want to start lower and really have some people come through at the lowest price possible, and then you can gradually increase it as you get more clients and in the subsequent launches. So let's say your usual price is two thousand dollars, then I would recommend for your upfront investment to drop down to somewhere where you feel quite comfortable. So if you have been selling packages so far for round about eight hundred, nine hundred dollars, then I think it's fair to go up to twelve hundred. So you want to put on there how much people are saving when they do the upfront investment and then offer a payment plan as well. That will give people the option to be able to spread out their payments across the point of their program. So for payment plan, I do recommend that you add about 10 percent on top of the upfront investment. So that will create the incentive for people to pay upfront. So 10 percent of twelve hundred is thirteen twenty. So then what you want to do here is just divide it by six and then you could round it off to make it look reasonable. So here I've just put down the payment plan option as 220 per month for six months. So here I've just put down the payment plan option of 220 a month for six months. And you could also offer a 48 hour quick action bonus as well. I find that this really incentivizes people to make a quick decision. So you could include something extra like a snack Bible. But if you haven't got time, don't worry about that as well. What you can do is just tell people the 48 hour quick action bonus pricing is twelve hundred or if you buy beyond that is two thousand dollars. So that gives people an incentive to buy now rather than wait till later. So when you pitch your founding members offer, there's a few things I want you to bear in mind. Now, first of all, I haven't got on here, but I want you to be very mindful of what wording you're using when you're talking about the pricing. So don't use things like the program cost this much or this is the price of it. What you can say is the investment for this program is dot dot dot. OK, and then there's also some other ways that you want to infuse different elements to get people to take action. So to create urgency, for example, you want to let people know that doors will close on a certain date or doors will close once we hit the five clients. Once we fill all the spots, then that's the end of it. And next time when we relaunch it again, the prices are going to go up and also things will look a little different. Right. You also want to make your offer irresistible as well. So you want to let them know things like. And then you also want to make your offer super irresistible as well and let people know things like the investment will never be this low again. Next time I launch, the pricing is going to go right up. OK. And then also let them know that you're only taking a small handful of clients. So if someone's been thinking about working with you, now's the best time to do it because you get to give them undivided attention with the small number of clients that you're taking on this program. So that can really make it very juicy and enticing for them to jump on now. Now, you might be thinking right now, can I really charge this much for my online program? Would people want to pay that much to work with me? And what I want you to remember is that pricing is relative. Something that might be considered cheap to someone might be considered really expensive. Like, for example, there's a reason why people go after luxury handbags. You know, they're willing to pay two, three thousand dollars for a handbag. And the quality might not be hugely different to what you could buy from somewhere that's less branded for two hundred dollars. So it really comes down to the perception of what people value. Right. If someone value luxury goods, then they're going to save up and get enough money to buy. And that's not going to be a big pinch for them. Right. So what I want you to know is that pricing. Now, at this point, you might be thinking, would anyone really want to pay me this much to work with me? It seems a little bit high. And what I want you to do here is to shift your mindset, OK, because pricing is really relative. What someone might consider as being expensive could be really cheap to the next person. Right. There are people who are always going to be wanting to pay a premium to get the best service, to have someone guide them and take them through every single step of the way. Right. And your goal here is to be the top 10 percent of your market. You want to position yourself as a premium. You don't really want to position yourself on the lower end and always be competing on price because someone's going to lose when you're going on price wars and trying to be cheap with your offer. And you want to understand that people have different options of working with you. So you've got your one on one program that you're creating right now. In the future, you're going to grab this portal or program that you're creating and then create a group program around that. And then later on, you're going to have a self-paced course option as well. So if someone really, really, really can't afford to work with you within your premium one on one program, then they could perhaps wait for to work with you within your group coaching program or by your self-paced course. So there's always going to be different options for different people. And you don't have to lower your price just to get every single person in through the doors. And also, I've talked about this in the accelerator program before. So if you don't remember much about how to tackle objections, do go back to the accelerator portal to have a look. But here I want to share with you three top sales objections that you're likely going to come across as you're talking and pitching your offer to people. And it's things like I can't afford it or it's too expensive. So remember what I said earlier about pricing being relative. And you really just need to help them see and demonstrate the value of what they're getting. And if they value that it aligns with what they can manage, then they're going to come in. If it's really too expensive, they can't afford it. Like I say, you're going to have other offers or options available to work with. You don't really have to give discounts. The next objection is that I don't have time. So when someone says something like that, you want to be able to let them know how long they're going to be expected to spend on the portal each week, how much homework there is to do, and how much time it will take for support and things like that. You want to help them see that it really doesn't take so much time. In fact, what you've got, you're really going to save them time from trying to weave through all the information, going to doctor's appointment, getting a whole bunch of different blood tests and things, which they might end up spending more money on. So your program is going to really help them to achieve results quicker and also probably not waste a whole bunch of money on other tests and crazy diets as well. And then the third one is that I need to talk to my partner. That's also a really common one that I hear and that's okay. I like to give people space if they say that and just let them know that if they have any questions of their partner wants to have a chat, you can set up another time to do that. So you just really want to respect that and give people space to do it. And if you do get a no, I want you to know that a no for now is not going to be a no forever. I often have people that I talk to who follow me for a little while, and then they might reach out six months later to say, Hey, thank you so much. I'm ready now. I've been following you. I've been trying things for too long for myself, and I really want your help. And I've been really saving up to work with you. So now is the right time. And that happens quite often. So I want you to know that you've planted that seed there. You've done what you can, but if they are saying a no for now, it doesn't mean a no forever, right? So just be patient and know that when the time is right, the right people will come through. So that's it for this lesson. In the next lesson, we're going to start mapping out the exact steps to your founding members launch. I'll see you over there.
