---
Source Program: Momentum Club
File Name: Module 2.3.mp4
---

All right, so now that you've learned how to nail your program promise, the next step here is to teach you how to craft your program roadmap. Now I want to remind you here before we get started, that your goal is not to teach your clients everything that you know about nutrition or about the particular condition or problem that they have. Remember that your clients are not here to get a science degree or a PhD, and they may not need to know every single detail about nutrition or the human biology or physiology. So every time you feel tempted to add in more content to give your clients more value, I want you to think about whether or not they need to know that information in order for them to achieve the results or transformation that they've paid you for. Our job here is to get them from where they're at right now to where they want to be and achieve those results fast without all the fluff. And that's essentially what they're investing in you for, to save them time, to save them money and save them the headache of figuring it out themselves. Every time you get to the point where you're wondering, should you include that content? Ask yourself this question, do they really need to know this piece of information for them to achieve the results? And this is essentially where your signature program framework comes in. And for those of you who've already heard about this, you may already have one in place and that's great. If you haven't, your framework is essentially your roadmap for you. You would be using something like that when you're working with clients already. And that's your unique process or step-by-step system of how you would get your clients from point A, which is where they are at right now, all the way to point Z, which is where they want to be. And it's really helpful to show people the gap. So when I'm on sales call with clients, potential clients, I would help them to see where they are at right now. And that's about creating that awareness and then asking them where they want to be. That's your point Z. So our job here is to help them to visualize where the gap is. And you can easily do this through your free content that you put out on social media as well. And then our job is to help them see that our course or our program is the vehicle that helps them to get from point A to point Z really quick without all the fluff. And we're here to fill that gap for them. So right here, I want to quickly put up a slide of my IBS2 program. So right here, I've put up a slide to show you what my IBS2 Freedom Program framework looked like. It's really just to give you an example to show you what a framework can look like and step-by-step system and process of how I get my clients from point A to point Z. So on this slide here, I'm going to cover through the specifics. So my IBS2 Freedom Program is six months and each module here relates to a milestone that I take my clients through to help them achieve. And when they complete a module here, they would have completed or hit that milestone. So in the first module here, we talk about laying the foundations for good gut health. So we talk about the first line treatment. They learn about some of the basic lifestyle, nutrition, eating stuff that they need to know to manage IBS. And then in the second module, we talk about finding relief. So this is where we address FODMAP elimination and removing some of the major FODMAP triggers. And by completing this module here, they would have reached a milestone of finding relief. And then the third module here is about diving deeper into some of the lifestyle and non-food triggers that might be affecting them. And module four, milestone four is about helping them to find and identify their personal triggers. And that's where we undertake FODMAP challenges. Stage five is about helping them to gain clarity. So here we put together all the different results of their challenges and helping them to reintroduce FODMAPs back into your diet so they have complete clarity on what their personal triggers are and how to move forward from here. And then in the final module or the final milestone, it's about gaining freedom from IBS. So here we talk about some of the long-term strategies for improving gut health and getting the gut microbiome better. And we also look at some of the troubleshooting, traveling, different changes in lifestyle and seasons and different things that they can look at to find that long-term freedom from IBS. So I get that by looking at my program framework, someone would know exactly all the different steps that they will need to move through in order for them to get to long-term freedom from IBS. And it's a really systematic way. And when someone sees this, they would have complete clarity on the steps that they will need to take to get there. And it also helps my potential client to see that there is a process in place. And it is really more than having just one or two sessions with me for them to get results. It is a system and a step-by-step framework that adds on and layers on as they move along. And I know some of you might be thinking right now that you're not in the IBS niche. It's so easy in the IBS niche where there is already a lot of research in there and then there's elimination challenges and it makes sense to lay it out this way. But I want to say that no matter what niche you're in, you would have a set of information that you cover through with all your clients. So when you start working with clients right now, I want you to think about in your day-to-day education with your clients, what are some of the core stuff that you cover? I want you to start thinking about the questions that they ask you, the categories or the buckets of information that you move through to help them achieve results. And you're going to find gems or categories that... So I get that some of you might be thinking right now, you're not in the IBS niche and it's not as easy as just taking them through the elimination, then the challenges and reintroduction phase. The niche that you're in is a little bit more complicated and there isn't really a step-by-step process to it. But I bet if you look deeper and start thinking and observing about the things that you cover with your clients on the day-to-day basis in your work, you're going to start to see some trends. You're going to identify some categories, the way that you can structure your information into different buckets and actually take someone through all of that information in a step-by-step system. So start reflecting on the things that you do with your clients on the day-to-day basis and then you'll find your answers. So right here, I want to show you some more examples of how you can structure your roadmap. And honestly, there's so many different ways that you can present your roadmap. The one that I have in place is very similar to this one, which is like a process or a system driven. So right now, I want to show you some examples of the different ways that you can structure your roadmap. There's honestly so many different ways that you can display it. And I'm going to show you with this one here, this is very similar to mine, which is like a process driven roadmap. So if you have a very clear step-by-step process, you can use something like this, or you can use something like a cone shape, one where it shows how one step lays onto the next step and take someone from the beginning to the end. And these are just examples that I've taken from Google. So I've given you the references on there in case you want to look them up, but essentially, you don't have to have a way of doing it. You can present it in any way that makes sense to your audience. And then right here, it's like a circle or a pie chart style of roadmap. And this can be really helpful if you don't have a clearly defined step-by-step process. Instead, it's more of different categories of buckets or pillars to your program. And then this one here is very similar, but you divide the information into quarters. So you show people what the overarching pillar or category is. And then in each one, you cover through the specifics of what is covered in that stage. And then this one here is more like an actual roadmap of how you take someone from the start right to... So this one here on the slide is more of an actual roadmap of how you take someone from the start through a process, through the different milestone or checkpoints, right through to the very end. And I've got this one from Power Slides. You can essentially do one up yourself on Canva, or you can find someone to do it at a very low cost for you on Fiverr or Upwork to create something similar. So as you dive into the next few lessons and start to have more idea of the content that you're putting into your program, then you can solidify your roadmap. So that's all for this lesson here. Again, it's just to give you an overview and something to think about as you're creating your program so you can start to visualize what your roadmap would look like. Now in the next lesson, I'm going to talk about how to start formulating your premium offer and create your program content. So I'll see you over there.
