---
Source Program: Momentum Club
File Name: Module 3.1.mp4
---

Welcome to module three of the Momentum Club. Now module three, it's all about the tech side of building your online program. So I'm going to kick off the first lesson here, covering the different key equipment that you'll need for building your program. Now the three key areas that I'm going to cover is lights, camera, and sound. So let's kick off the first one talking about lighting. Now lighting is gold and it can make a big difference to the quality of your video. So this is especially important if you're doing any video recording. Now for most of you who are getting started, you're more than likely just going to be doing a voice over your slides. So you won't need to turn on your camera, but I find that lighting is still something that you'll need, especially if you're doing your zoom calls with clients, or if you're doing Instagram reels or going live on Instagram, you still want to make sure that your lighting is good and it doesn't matter whether it's day or night, you'll still have quite good and consistent lighting. So one of the most common piece of equipment that people would get to start off with for lighting is a ring light. So what I've shown you here on the screen is a ring light that stands. So it's got quite a tall, adjustable arm. And this is essentially what I recommend you guys to get instead of one of those short ones that just sits on a table. And you want to think long-term when you're buying equipment as well. And this one is probably going to last you for quite a while. When you're looking for a ring light, I would suggest looking for one that has got a phone holder right in the middle here. It's important that it sits here rather than on top because you want it to be eye level. You don't want it to be all the way up there because you'll have to be lifting your neck up and straining your neck there. So it won't be very good for the viewer. So find one that allows you to hold your phone there. Not that you'll always use it, but it's helpful to have that. And then the other feature to look out for is having one that's adjustable in lighting. So you want to be able to go dimmer or darker in terms of the brightness and find something where you can adjust the temperature as well. So it allows you to go between cool light and warm light. And I'm going to give you some links in the download section. It's called the Tools of the Trade Guide, where I'll put together all my commonly recommended equipment for you to consider, and you can purchase it from places like eBay or Amazon or even some of the websites as well. And in Australia, we've got this ring light, something very similar to this from Kmart at about $69. So that can be a really good option to get started with. Now the next thing to consider is whether or not you like this halo effect. So with ring lights, if you're putting it very close to you, you're going to be able to see the ring in your eyeballs. And now that may not be a problem. And for most of you, if you're using this for Zoom calls, you're going to be placing this right behind the webcam. So there's going to be a decent distance between your eye and the lens. So it may not be as obvious here. So for this reason, I think ring light is really good as a starting piece of lighting equipment. Now, if you have a bit more space in your studio or where you do your recording, it can be helpful to consider a softbox light. And this is exactly what I've got in my studio. I just find that with that piece of fabric cloth there covering it, it does make it softer. And because I'm sitting in front of the camera doing Zoom calls for hours a day, I do want something that's a lot softer and it's not going to strain my eye. And that's why I've got the softbox lighting. Now you can certainly bring this around the house with you. It's just a little bit more bulky and takes up some space, but it's not very heavy. So I love using this and have been using it for a while. Now softbox light is usually around about $200 and we got ours from Amazon. There is one thing to look out for when you're purchasing softbox lighting. You want to make sure that you got one with multiple globes so you can adjust the brightness between level one and level two. And that's exactly what mine looks like at the back. And it just allows you to adjust that. There are some softbox lighting out there that describes it as a powerful globe. So that means that it's only really got one globe and it's called powerful, but these are not as bright and I would definitely recommend you don't go cheat with this. Now the next option is your camera. Now again, this is helpful if you do a lot of Zoom calls, which I presume most of you do and you're going to turn on your camera when you do your recording. Now for most of us, we'll be okay starting off with the laptop camera. Now just bear in mind, the quality wouldn't be as good. For Zoom calls, it's okay, but if you're doing any more recording for videos on your program where we can see your face and it takes up the whole screen, I do recommend you get a better quality webcam. So I personally use the Logitech C922 webcam. It's widescreen so you can see quite a lot and the quality is really good. I think from memory, it's around about $200 Aussie and we bought ours from Amazon. And if you want to take it to the next level, that's when you can get a DSLR camera. Now not all of you will require this. Of course, if you do a lot of video recording and you want to do YouTube and things like that, having a better quality camera can make a world of difference and you can create different effects like just creating that blurry effect in the background and the investment is usually around about $500 to $800 for a DSLR camera. Now you would also need a tripod to go with it as well. And if you do a lot of video recording and you want your video to be a little bit more perfect and scripted, that's when a teleprompter app can be really helpful, especially if you find that you do blank out when the camera starts rolling and you can't remember what you want to say, that's when a teleprompter. Now if you do a lot of video recording with direct face to camera and you tend to blank out when the camera starts rolling, that's when a teleprompter can come in really handy. And you can get a teleprompter app on your iPhone if you're doing video recordings and you're just doing a very simplified version, you can do it on your phone because most of the camera these days on iPhones or smartphones are very good quality. So simply go to the app store and download the app called teleprompter app and the text just rolls up here. So you need to upload your script and it goes up so it's very close to the lens and you'll look as if you're looking straight to the camera. And the other option is if you have a DSLR camera and you want to do a very professional looking video, that's when you'll get a teleprompter device that you can attach to the DSLR camera. So there are two options. You can get one that's for the iPad or one for the iPhone, which is slightly smaller. Now with an iPad, you would only really need this option if you're doing a lot of recording that's quite far from the camera. So if you're standing far away in a distance, you want the text to be visible. So that's when the iPad version would come in really handy. So basically it's getting reflected on here. So all the words that pops up will be seen here and you are looking directly at the camera lens and it just keeps rolling. And this can be really helpful, especially for things like a launch video or promo video where you just need to get things in a set around time and be really succinct. So that's your teleprompter tool with a DSLR camera. Now next up is sound. Audio is really crucial when it comes to an online program, especially if you're doing a training that is just voiceover, exactly like what I'm doing here on this lesson here, you won't be able to see me. So I want to make sure that the video and the sound quality. So next up is sound. Now sound and audio is crucial, especially when it comes to programs and lessons that doesn't have the camera view. You want to make sure that your sound is crisp and it's clear. Now the problem with most microphones on laptop devices or even on the Logitech camera is that it isn't very clear. So it can sound a little echoey. So I place a lot of importance on audio. If the audio is not so good, I do get quite distracted when I'm watching a video as well. So I see sound and audio as the first investment to make if you're running an online business. So you can start off with the cheapest option here on the list, which is a lavalier lapel. So you basically just clip this to your shirt or your clothing and you'll be able to go around anywhere. It's not stuck to a place, you just have to plug it into a device. Now the problem with the lapel is that if your hair or your shirt is brushing against the top part of this microphone, that's when the sound can be quite distracting or shuffling and that's not a nice experience. So if you're getting this, just make sure that you are very aware of some of these potential distractions. Now the second one and the third one here is the Rode NT microphone or the Blue Yeti. They're both very similar and they're great for general studio recording or if you're doing podcasting as well. So I see them as really good investment for the longterm. Now I personally use the Rode NT microphone so I can adjust the volume here. I can plug in a earphone and it comes with a standard stand and the pop filter. So it helps to minimize the pop sound when I'm speaking. Now this is really helpful and I really like this. I personally have gotten a boom arm where I attach it to the corner of my desk. So it helps lift the microphone away from the desk and clear up some space for me. A Blue Yeti microphone on the other hand doesn't come as a standard with the pop filter. So most people will either add this on or what they'll do with a more economical option is to use a sock and put it over the top of the microphone to reduce the pop sound. Again, if you want to take it to the next level, you can certainly get a Rode VideoMic Pro kit. So basically this stands on a adjustable stand here and often you would see this in like TV productions where there's suspense over that person. So you would really only need to use it if you're doing a DSLR recording like that and you're standing far away and that's when you need a microphone that's closer or above your head. Now that's it for this lesson here where I've talked about the key tools that you'll need for building your online program. Head to the download section where you can find the tools of the trade guide and I've put together a list of recommendations for you depending on what you need. And like I mentioned earlier, you really don't need super complex or expensive equipment. Sound is really the first thing to get started with and then your camera and lighting. All right. So that's all for this lesson. I'll see you in the next one.
