---
Source Program: Momentum Club
File Name: Short Launch Video - Momentum.mp4
---

Hey there, if you're watching this video, I'm guessing that you're interested in getting coaching support for your business and you've been checking out the Momentum Club. That's why I'm recording this video personally for you. Now over the last few days, we've been getting quite a lot of questions about the Momentum Club and I'm guessing you've got some personal questions as well. For example, you might be wondering if Momentum is the right program for you and your business. Or you might be wondering if you will get any results in the program. Or perhaps you might be someone who has a lot on your plate right now and you're wondering if it's the right time for you to join. Now if I were you, I would have a lot of these similar questions as well. And that's why I would love to invite you to a chat and work out whether or not the program is right for you and I can personally answer any questions for you. Don't worry, there's not going to be any pressure at all. I'm not a salesy person, I just want to be able to answer your questions so you don't miss out on the opportunity to join us because there is only one day left to apply to save $1,000 and get over $6,000 worth of juicy bonuses. So if you're interested in the program and you've got some questions, then I'm excited to meet you and chat to you about those questions. Just simply hit the apply button below and I cannot wait to organize the time to speak to you. So take care and I'm excited to be able to meet you and help you.
