---
Source Program: Momentum Club
File Name: Trello Tutorial - Momentum Jun 22.mp4
---

Hey there, it's Sharlyn here and I wanted to record this quick tutorial to show you how you can best utilize Trello whilst you're on the momentum club so you can get the support you need to get results on the program. Now first of all, within 24 to 48 hours of joining the program, you're going to be receiving a link with an invitation to join your Trello board. So this will come from our team and if you don't have an account with Trello already, you just need to register for the free tier. You don't need to pay for anything and then you can log into your own Trello board. So this is what you're going to see when you first log in. It's a template that we set up for you and it's up to you to customize it to suit what you need and how you like it to look. So first of all, you're going to see your name right up there and the first thing I like you to do when you come in here is go into this little top right corner. It should have the initials of your name if you haven't got an account with Trello before. So what you'll just do is click on that icon there. You can see my picture. So go ahead to profile and visibility and you can change the settings. You can also go into the settings section and also change the notification frequency. So whenever you have someone tagging you or I have attached something for you or ask you a question or whatsoever, you'll get a notification via email. So that's how we stay notified when you tag us as well. So you can change the frequency of that whether you want to receive it immediately or once a day kind of summary. So that's up to you. Alright, so when you come in here you're going to see these general categories that we've started for you. So what you want to do is just go start here and work your way down and then these are important notes. So I'm going to start from the top here showing you what to look out for. So the first one here, it's just some instructions to help you understand how to use Trello. So you can see there's a few lines on there. That means that there's notes or descriptions. If you click into it, that's the description section and you're going to see the information from us. Okay, and then the next one is on how to customize your board. So if you want to change the background, you can. So all the instructions are on there. Next thing is instructions for requesting feedback on your assets. So when you come into your Trello board, you're going to see a few people on here. So it's myself, you of course, and then our support coach Katrina. So her handle is at supportcoach1. So you're going to see that in the description section of this video training as well. So if you look to the bottom of this video training, you're going to see how to tag her. And then we've got our admin person. So there's numerous people. And the best way that we request for you to share anything that you want us to review is to share a live link. Now, there is a difference between attaching a Microsoft Word document, for example, versus attaching a Google document. So if it's a Google document, that means that any changes that you make, we'll be able to see it live. And the beauty of that is that we can all work on the document at the same time, meaning that we can give you feedback whilst you've made some updates, we can go back and look at the live version. And that's the easiest way to share documents. So if you click on this, it's got all the instructions of how you can do it. And we just ask that when you share your document, you want to make sure that it is a shareable link. So there are some images here to show you what you can do. So you just want to make sure that anyone with the link will be able to view it. It just minimizes any back and forth delay if you didn't share the right link permission, we won't be able to view it or edit that. And it's just going to slow down the response time. And typically, our response time is somewhere between 24 to 48 hours for us to respond. And if you're attaching something that's a little bit more extensive to review, for example, a program outline or a sales page, or even your webinar slides, these things will require a bit more time. So we ask that you allow five days for us to review any documents that you've got. Now, initially, if you're wanting to seek some feedback on your Instagram posts, for example, you can certainly post it, but just be aware that it will take us around two days to get back to you during business days, Monday to Friday. So you want to make sure that you give us enough time. If you want more prompt feedback, or if you're seeking peer feedback, then you're more than welcome to attach it to the Facebook group and ask for feedback on there. Otherwise, just know that we won't be able to respond to you immediately. Now, we are definitely happy to also look at some posts that you've done in the past. If you want to attach it here, we can give you some feedback. And same thing with sharing Canva links as well. So if you want to share Canva images and things for us to respond and give you feedback on, just make sure that you're sharing the right link where anyone with the link can add it. So make sure you read the instructions on these two sections to share the right link. The next thing to note is on this column here, these are just some important details and dates to remember. So this one here, we would put the enrolment date on there. Okay, for the six months that you're on the program, and anytime you enrol in the next program or continue working with us, we'll come in here and edit the dates. And then the next part here is the program admin. So we ask for you to attach a screenshot of your Instagram account so we know where you're starting. And then also your professional photo or a headshot or even just a photo of you. That will help our coaches and everyone else on this board know who you are. And then the next one here, which is really important, is your group coaching team schedule. Now, we will be letting you know or would have already decided with you which team you'll be allocated to. Now, once we know that, we'll be coming in here. Our admin person will be adding the Zoom link and also letting you know which date the group coaching calls start. Just note that the group coaching calls run every two weeks. So I ask that once you know what team you're under, add that to your calendar as a recurring event for the next six months every two weeks so you don't forget. And I also highly recommend you add the Zoom link to your calendar as well. So it's just an easy click to get you right to the call and you don't have to come back in here and search for it. So that's basically the two main columns to note. Now, the next one here is your template column. So with this one, it's mainly just set up to help you recognize or see how you want to use it. We've got all the different months here and this will be customized to when you start. So I'm going to give you an example here. So I like to suggest my clients to plan it week by week. So we've got here week starting as the title. So you can just go in there and then what I suggest is just make a copy of it and bring it to the next board. So you can go click copy and then go change it to the next month. Let's say it's May. Copy that across and then once you do that, you'll see that appearing there. And the next thing is just want to copy the task across. That will just make it a little bit easier for you to add all your relevant tasks. So I'm going to give you an example here. So at the time of recording, we're on the 9th of June. So the start of this week was 6th of June. So I'm going to, sorry, change the date here. Week starting 6th of June 2022. Okay, and then next week will be the 13th of June. So I'm going to copy that. Change that to the 13th of June. There we go. And then you just bring that underneath. So I just like to do that at the start of each week. So then you have those clear color bands here to divide the categories up. So if you didn't like pink, which is totally fine. Pink's my favorite color, but you can change it to any colors that you like. So you can change cover and then go in there and select a different color. Okay, so that would then change color. And then what you want to do is then start breaking down all the individual tasks that you have to work on. So let's say, for example, one of our key tasks is to set up your Instagram profile. So what you want to do is then create that as a task. And then the next thing you can do is come in here. You might have a little subtask that you want to add as part of this key task. So you click add, and then you can start adding your subtask to it. So for example, one of the subtasks would be to upload profile photo. The next one could be decide on IG handle and bio. And the next one could be create first three posts. Okay, so just give me an example here. Once you've all of those added and you start working through your task, you can start to tick them off. So this little progress bar here will increase as you get more tasks done and you're ticking it off. And when you come out here, you're going to see that you've already ticked off two out of three subtasks. So that's a cool thing about it. It shows you the progress. Now, what I also recommend doing is setting deadlines for yourself. That is something that a lot of people find really valuable, keeping them on track with their task. So you can come in here and edit dates. And then you might want to say, I want to have this done by tomorrow, Friday, the 10th, and you can even set the time. Let's go six o'clock. Okay, so you can set that. You can even get Trello to remind you when you want to get the notification of when it's due. So save that, and you'll be able to see that's got the date here, 10th of June. And then the next thing is you might want to allocate that to yourself. Okay, so you change member and allocate that to yourself. And once you do that, you'll see your own little photo or whoever you tag the photo will come up. And that's the benefit of having our photos there. So if I'm scanning through your board and you've allocated a task for me to review, I'll be able to quickly spot that. And once it's done, you can just go remove the member. Now, if you wanted, my suggestion is for anything that you attach, anything that you want help reviewing, please do tag support coach. Katrina is here to help you with all of those inquiries. And I will come into your board when we have coaching calls together, so I can review and look at your progress. Okay, so the first person to tag will be Katrina. And if Katrina can't support you, then she will tag me or ask me for some advice and input. So Katrina is obviously not part of this board right now, because it's just me on the team. You'll be able to see it right on top. Once she's on there, the person to tag is support coach one. It's not going to come up now, but once she's a part of your team, you'll see it on there. And we'll also have the information in the description section as before. So once that's all done, you can then change the status. You can add a label and go completed. You can have different label setting as well. So you might say, for review is purple, then we could change it to that. And then that's done there for you. There we go. Okay, so that's one way to use the task list. So you just keep adding the different columns to it, and you can use that as your base template. The next thing to note is that if you move right to the end, you're going to see a revenue report section. Now, this is where you would enter your monthly total revenue for your business. And we ask that you do that just so we can keep a track of your revenue growth for your business. Because if you are not making any money, I would definitely want to know about that earlier, sooner rather than later. So I can help you to identify what's happening and help you fix that. So what you would do is go click on the month that's relevant. Again, this is going to be updated to and customized to when you join the program. You would then go into the top and enter your revenue for that month, and that's your total revenue. And then you could go in there if you want to add more things. You could go income is $5,000, your expenses could be $200, and then you just pop your profit in there. It's really helpful to know your numbers every single month as a business owner. So I want you to just keep track of it, and then we'll be able to see it. Okay, if you need to add more columns, definitely add more to it. Now, the last thing that I'll mention is when you submit resources for review, please think about how you're asking your question. So we recommend that if you're coming to us with questions or anything, have a think about some possible solution to get our opinion. We want you to develop critical thinking skills and also become independent thinkers rather than expecting all the answers to come from us. So when you're asking questions, present us with your solution, and if you're attaching something for review, be specific about what feedback you're seeking. Don't just send us to your website and say, can you review everything? We would want specific questions like, okay, what do you think of the aesthetics of it? What do you think of the layout? Do you think the messaging is targeted? All of those kind of things, we just ask for you to be specific in what you're asking for. But that's basically it. So that's your Trello board customise it to suit however you want, and be sure to reach out and ask us for help if you need to, and do remember to tag Katrina first, and then she'll be able to support you with that. All right, we'll talk soon!
