---
Source Program: Momentum Club
File Name: 0.0 Navigating the Momentum Club Portal.mp4
---

Hello, it's Sharlyn here. Now, in this tutorial, I'm going to step you through how to navigate the Momentum Club portal and some of the things to look out for so you can make the most out of your program enrollment. Now, first of all, when you come into the program portal, you're going to be met with an introduction video. Make sure you take some time to watch. It's only a short six-minute video which steps you through some of the key expectations of what you can expect from us and what we expect from you as a mentee in the program as well. Now, first of all, you would want to start in the foundations section. So, let's go into here and you're going to have the video tutorials and some of the things to download as well. So, first one here, I want you to download the welcome guide. That's a really key important document that steps you through what you need to do at the start. So, let's take a look. So, it's going to give you a quick overview of who are your coaches in the program, how to access support, and we have links here for you to submit your assets for feedback. This is the bonus lead magnet automation that you get. You can click this to request for your automation setup when you're ready. There's still a link to join the Slack workspace and I'm going to show you all of these in a minute. And it talks about your Fortnightly group coaching calls, how to access office hour support. You can also access a recommended schedule for booking your private coaching call depending on which program you're enrolled in. So, if you're in Momentum Club, then you would come in here and book your coaching calls. With regards to your coaching call, I do highly recommend that you book them at the start. Don't leave them till the end because you might forget about them and don't forget that your sessions do expire after your six-month enrollment as well. So, that's where you would go to book your calls. Here's the login to the course portal in case you lose access, but I do recommend that you make sure you star them and save them to your favorites as well because you're going to be coming in here very often. You will have access to Slack as part of your enrollment and I wanted to step you through this quickly. When you come in here, go to the Momentum Welcome channel. It just asks you for an introduction and we do have a tutorial here as well taking you through how to use the Momentum Club Slack portal to access support. Okay, so that's all in there for you to watch. And then the next thing is confidentiality inside the program. If you ever need to update your card details because if you're on a payment plan, you've changed your card or something happens, you can come in here and update that. Just what we expect from you and that's the Momentum Club Success Path. So, what to focus on as you're navigating through this program so it steps you through your key focus areas and milestones as well. So, make sure you download that. Some people will print it off and have it somewhere handy and this is just again a summary checklist of what you need to get done when you're getting started. Okay, the next thing that I want to show you, let's go back to the main screen, is so all the coaching session links are here which you can take a look. So, you can book your calls, takes you through the weekly office hour with our coach. With the office hour, just make sure that you book that at least 12 hours prior to the scheduled session. We don't recommend you just come in and book for office hour every single week because we do want you to make sure that if you book it, you're committed to showing up. We do have limited spots there and office hours, something where it's like a quick fire Q&A. You book a call, you come and have a chat to our coach and get support. Sometimes it's brainstorming ideas, sometimes if you're feeling stuck or need a bit of a mindset coaching chat, then this is a great environment for that or it could be for troubleshooting tech as well. And this is our schedule for coaching calls. We will, when you are getting started, let you know which group you have been assigned to. This is just a summary of all the different call links as a handy place for you. This is the coaching session sheet. So, it's used as a little bit of a, you know, kind of to help you prepare for the coaching session as well. So, you come in here, list out the questions that you want to ask, take notes and then your key action steps. At the end of each session, I do ask you to list out your key action steps and what to focus on as well. On to the next part is your asset review. Now, from time to time as you're working on things, you may want feedback from our coaches. For example, if you're working on your niche statement, you may want feedback. If you're working on your program outline, you might want to run that bias to make sure that you're on the right track. So, this is where you come in to submit your asset for review. And we do want you to submit one asset per review per form. So, basically, it's a type form. You come in here and you just type in, it's very quick, a few questions for you to submit your asset. Now, one very key note about submitting asset. Let's say if you have put something together in a Google document and you want us to review that for you. I'm going to show you as an example here. Just an example document. Let's say if you created something, you need to make sure that you share that with us. So, we have access to give you feedback. It will help us to give you feedback more targeted. Let's say, you know, I want to tell you to change a heading. So, I'll come in here and add a comment. But if you didn't give us access, we won't be able to do that. There'll be a bit of back and forth and things like that. It would delay that feedback to you. So, we want to make sure that you've changed the access setting. So, here, I would recommend actually that you change this general access to anyone with the link can comment or add it. The easiest would be just for us to be able to comment on it. So, you don't have to give us editor access, but make sure you do that. And if you're submitting like a Canva file for us to give you feedback on, again, same thing, come in here and share it. So, you can say anyone with the link can add it or can comment. Don't just give us permission to view because then we can't comment. It makes it really hard, especially with elements and things like that. We want to be able to, you know, highlight certain things and then give you feedback on those. So, make sure that with your Google document, any documents that you're sharing, change that to permission to comment or to add it. Okay. So, once you've submitted your form, then our coaches will review it and give you feedback via Slack. So, there is a separate tutorial on this to show you what you need to do once you've submitted the form. Okay. And then we'll give you feedback via Slack. So, that's the asset review. And then let's go back to the main screen here. As you're working through the lessons, so you just work it from top to bottom, I will let you know specifically if there's certain things that I want you to focus on in our coaching sessions. But I'm going to show you as an example here. When you come in here, you'll see some downloadables associated with the lessons. And the lessons with the player means that there's a video and it tells you how long it is. And in terms of adjustments, you can speed it up if you want to listen through it faster. You can also adjust the volume as well. You do have the ability to download Kajabi on your phone. So, you can go to the app store, search for the Kajabi app so that you can listen to the lessons on the go whilst you're driving. I used to do that when I was enrolled in other people's courses. I would just listen to it on my way to work. And then I'll get back to my desk in the evening after work to implement and all of that. So, that's available for you to listen on the go as well. It's a little bit like a podcast in a sense. So, yeah. When you come in here, you have the downloads, which you would then open up. And then there are some links which are templates. So, let's say we've got those Canva templates here for creating a lead magnet. We've given it to you as a template. So, all you have to do is to use template for a new design. So, then that will allow you... This edit template shouldn't come up. You should just say use a template for new design. So, you can create this or download it to your Canva page and then you can use it to create your new design. And then it's yours to keep. Now, these are extra resources or links that we've given you. Just take note that some of them are affiliate links. It means that we will just get a small little commission for referring you. But it doesn't change your access or anything like that. It has no impact. So, it just means that we'll get a little commission for making the recommendation. These are apps or tools that we've used in the past. So, we believe in that and that's why we recommend for you to use it. Some of them will have a discount code and where that is applicable, we will let you know. So, you would just go through with each lesson as you go along. All these, once again, the downloads and templates, they are yours to keep as well. Now, if you ever get to a document and there is a, say, a Google document that we might share with you. Let me just go find it. Okay, I'm going to use the one in this section, bonus section. Where are we? Okay, let's see. Let's say this website guide here. We've given that to you as a template for you to make a copy. So, when you click on that, it's going to ask you to make a copy. So, all you have to do is click make a copy. It would then open up in your own Google page, Google account. So, then again, it's yours to keep. It doesn't edit our original copy. If you don't have a Google account, I highly recommend you get one because you're going to use it a lot in the program. It's free to sign up. Okay, so again, like when you come and just work through top to bottom, there is a bonus section, which I briefly showed you earlier. There are things in here which will be helpful for you as you navigate through the program. Things like content ideas for your Instagram post. That's our ultimate content vault. Key nutrition dates for each year. We update that. There are different resources here to help you as well. And then, there is a email nurture sequence file. That's for email marketing. Once you've set up your lead magnet, you want to keep emailing it. So, we've given you examples of what you can access on here. So, that's basically the main momentum club portal. On the right hand side, you're going to see some icons here. So, when you hover over it, these are clickable. So, that one there is the link to join the slack workspace, which is what I showed you there. And then, this one here is for the asset review. When you want to submit something for request, please do allow around two to three business days for us to get back to you. This one here is to book office hour. This one here is for your lead magnet automation setup request. So, you do get one bonus setup for your lead magnet where we set up your opt-in page, your thank you page, and the five emails included as part of the sequence. So, it all makes sense when you work through module one. But anyway, you can submit the request here for us to take over once you've got everything done for your lead magnet. The last one here is for affiliate program application. So, we highly appreciate you when you go through our program. As you enjoy it, please do share your experience with your friends or your peers or colleagues. You will get a referral bonus when you refer a friend to us, and it's super simple. All you have to do is click on this to join our affiliate program. It's free to join. Again, it's a type form. You just fill in some questions, add in your bank account details, and things like that. So, we have you on file as our affiliate. And then, once you, say, speak to a friend, refer them to our program, we'll have a chat to them. We always ask everyone who's referred them. And you can also send us a message to let us know as well. When your friend joins, you will get a referral bonus. It starts at $150 up to $350, or $300, sorry. $150 to $300. The more you refer, the more you get out of it. And it's per referral. There's no extra fees or anything like that. Okay, so that's Momentum Club. Now, the next thing to note is, as part of your Momentum Club enrollment, you do get access to the Accelerator program as a bonus as well. These are separate lessons to Momentum. And if you're someone who's at the very start of your business journey, or if you just want to get your foundation strong, do come in here and work through the modules here with regards to niching. I will let you know if that's what I want you to work on. And most of you, you will need to do some work around your niching and foundations. And then setting up your practice here. So that's, you know, practice systems, having the forms in place, booking discovery calls, and legal templates. So that's in week three here. Week four and five is about Instagram marketing. Week six as well, we're in the process of updating it. So it might look a little bit different as you're watching this. Okay, and then week seven is about creating your signature package. Now, before you start, you're going to need to test out your framework. So that's where we get you to develop a package to make sure that you've worked with some clients one-on-one. Refine your package before you go on to develop your course. So that's where you will come to develop this one-on-one package to test it out with people. Week eight is about discovery calls and what you need to do to convert clients. Things to say, there's bonus trainings at the back as well. And then you probably can stop there once you've done week eight of Accelerator. And then you would go back to Momentum and then work through the first module on lead magnets. But do clarify and ask me on our call together as well, so I can let you know what your focus areas are. So that's the Accelerator. And then you would also have access to group coaching as well. My interface here looks a little bit different, but you should see my library at the top here. Just click on that and it will show you all the courses that you have access to. But that's all our group coaching call recordings, which you can then click and go through and listen. We do give you a little summary as well with timestamps, so you know what people are asking and it gives you an idea of some of the questions to help you learn along the way as well from each other. So basically this is it. I wanted to show you quickly how to navigate the portal, what forms you need to fill in when you're getting started. But be sure to reach out to us on Slack in the admin channel if there's anything that you're unsure or you can email us info at shellenoy.com and our admin team will support you with the onboarding. We're really excited once again to have you on board. Thank you so much for joining us and we look forward to supporting you with your business growth over the next six months. Take care.
