---
Source Program: Momentum Club
File Name: Video 2.6 - Trello.mp4
---

All right, so in this two-part training, I'm going to take you through the process of how to brainstorm ideas for your program. And then the second part is I'm going to show you how to input all the information that you've come up with in your brainstorm process and put that onto our Google Sheet template for your program framework. Now the first part of this is I'm going to show you how to brainstorm your ideas using Trello. And this is an alternative to the sticky note idea. So it depends on how you best brainstorm and think. You can either use sticky notes for this exercise or alternatively, you can use Trello as well. Now all of you should have access to Trello. So what you can do is just go on and create a new board and start it from scratch. And I've just gone in here and pre-filled some of the ideas. So I'm going to start with the ideas card here so I can dump all my ideas on here. And then I've got the different modules. So what I'm going to start by doing is to start dumping ideas of what I would teach someone within my ideas program. So I'm going to go exercise first and then alcohol, talk about fiber, talk about constipation, diarrhea, how the digestive system works. So I want to be able to explain this to someone. And then. And then the next part to this would be the elimination of FODMAPs and FODMAP challenges. Remember, these are just ideas and it's very rough. You don't have to follow my content at all. If you're in the IBS field, what I'm doing here is just showing an example of how to do it. So once I've dumped all my ideas on the left hand side, I'm going to start dragging them into the appropriate corners of the board. So I might go, okay, that sounds like a foundation. So module one, I'm going to go laying the foundations as my title, because that's kind of all the basic foundational lifestyle things like your first line treatment. I might talk about exercise, fiber, alcohol, and then here constipation and diarrhea. That seems to be a little bit more about finding relief. So I'm going to drag it into that card there and then I'll call card number two, finding relief. So you would just go through and work through the process of populating all your ideas under their own categories. And then what you're going to do next is go in and decide what deliverables information you want to provide with that. So for example, in the elimination of FODMAPs, you can come in here and start putting things like the food list, shopping list, just all sorts of things that you want to provide to people, label reading. And then once you've done that, again, that's just your brain dump list, you can start to create a checklist there. So you could go lesson one, talk about what are FODMAPs. And then lesson two, we're going to talk about where FODMAPs are found. So then you might want to go shopping list here. So that's your handout that you would provide. And then you would just continue doing the activity. And then once everything is set in stone and you're happy with that, that's when you would start going into the Google sheet that we're going to provide and show you how to use in the next part of the video and start populating that in there. And you can use that list and the production checklist moving forward.
