---
Source Program: Momentum Club
File Name: WebinarJam Walkthrough (Mom Mod 5) - 27 January 2022.mp4
---

All right, so the next step here is to get in plenty of practice before your live webinar itself. You want to train yourself up, get really comfortable with all the different buttons and features in the room so you know what to do on that day and you don't panic. So how you would do it is instead of running a test here on the actual webinar, so let's pretend that's the actual webinar, instead of running a test, we are actually going to clone that webinar. So you have another one that you can play with. When you clone it, it's going to copy exactly all the settings, all the handouts and things that you've uploaded into a different webinar link. So you're not messing anything with the original. I know they do recommend saying run a test, but I don't like to do that because when you accidentally click the wrong button and go live on that actual webinar, that means that everyone attended is going to get an email with a replay sent out to them. It's just going to mess everything up. And we had a client who accidentally hit the wrong button previously, so I just like to be super safe. And so that's why I recommend you cloning it and then you can play with the clone as often as you like without affecting anything. So what you would do is go and just change the name of the clone so it's sure and certain to you that that's a clone and you don't get confused. And then what you're going to do once you've done that is to set the time, make sure it's something that's upcoming. And then just take note of the two features here. So you can run a test and get plenty of practice and then you can also come into this section here and register maybe another email of yours and go into the room just like as if you're an attendee and you can go in there and experience what it's like being on the other side and you can get a recording of that and watch the replay and see the difference as well. So this is how you can play with it. So I'm just going to show you how you would actually get into the room on the clone and on the day itself. So this is the direct link to live room, so that's the link you would give to your attendee on the day for any last minute sign up. And because we're going to go straight into the live room itself as an attendee, so I wouldn't worry about going through the normal registration process. So let's do that and then you're just going to go in your name and another email address that you've got, so another personal email address if you like, and then go in there just like an attendee. So you can do that from your laptop, from your phone or another device. And then you as the presenter, you're going to go into the room by clicking that one there. So let's do that. So this is just going to take a few seconds to set up. It's going to take you through a few different steps, get you to test your video and audio. Let's click yes and go into the room. It's going to take a few seconds for all of this to load and then when you get into a room, they're going to tell you if you're going to be in the room or not. So if you're in the room, when you get into the room, they're going to tell you to check a few things. So I'm just going to click yes and say, yep, I've checked everything. Alrighty, so when you're in here, you can see this red button here that says off air. That means you haven't gone live yet. Okay, so don't panic. This is like the presenter waiting room before you go live on stage. So that will be red and then once you go live, it'll go green. And this is counting down to how much time you have in the waiting room. So that's not saying how much time you have left on your webinar. So don't panic when you see that going down. When you go live, that's then going to reset. Okay, and what I'm going to do is take you through all the different buttons so you know what to look out for. So this one here is to turn your video on or off. So when you go in, depending how you want to start your webinar, you might just have your full video on so you can welcome everyone. So you can turn that on. That's your audio, your microphone. So you need to make sure that's always on. Obviously, if you are coughing or anything before you start, just make sure you turn that off. That one there is background effects. So if you want to put up any backgrounds, I wouldn't worry about that. Turn screen share on. So like I mentioned earlier, I like to, instead of uploading my slides, I like to just screen share on Canva. And so that's because I have a second screen. So I can screen share it and just show the other screens I have on my full screen. I can look at my presenter notes. I can look at the chat that's going on. Okay, so you can turn that one on. When you turn that one on, you can then choose to have your webcam on on the side. So I'll show you all the different buttons there. That one there is for whiteboards if you want to draw anything. And then the other really important button to note here is the green button where it says go live. So the minute you hit go live and it goes green on your screen. So I think the borders are going to come up green. That means that your recording would start. Okay, you might see the number of attendees popping up gradually. It will go up. It will tell you how many people are registered and it will start saying, you know, how many people are in the room. That will gradually increase. There is a little bit of a lag. So just bear in mind when you click go live and it's starting to go green, that's the recording starting. So you want to start to talk. You don't want to sit there looking dazed out waiting for people to go in because those people who are watching the replay are going to see that. So that's really important. What I tend to like to do is go live on the dot. Okay, so I'll come into the waiting room around 20, 15, 20 minutes beforehand just to make sure I've got everything set up and test my internet and tech and everything. And then I'll just sit here and wait until the time itself. So let's say I'm going live at 4 p.m. So I'll press go live at 4 p.m. sharp and then the attendees who are already logged in, they're in the waiting room. They'll start being let into the room by Webinar Jam and then you'll see those numbers go up. And then what I like to do is to introduce and welcome everyone. So I'll be like, hey, you know, I'm Charlene. Welcome to today's webinar, 5 Steps to 5K. As an online dietician, I'm so thrilled to have you here today. We've got so many people registered. I'm really excited to share with you all the things that I've prepared. If you're here live with me or watching the replay, please go ahead and let me know where you're tuning in from. So we're warming up the audience and getting them to start typing something into the chat box. So you want them to participate. So as I'm doing all of this, I can see the number of people coming online increasing. So you're kind of like buying yourself some time. And I'll do that for about a minute, a minute and a half and just start to call out people's names and say, hey, welcome, Mary. Hey, welcome, Amy from Perth. Welcome, Emily from Sydney, you know, and just start to introduce and welcome people in. And then I will just start talking and screen sharing. So I'll say, I'm going to turn my screen share on now. Let me know if you can see me and hear me. I'm just in the top right corner. All right. So you just want to get people familiarized essentially. So let's go through the top one by one. So over here on top with the settings, you want to make sure that your chat is enabled so people can talk to you. Allow both public and private messages. So some people might be a little shy. They might send you the questions privately. So you can choose that. Now display number of attendees in room. So earlier on I said that you would see the numbers going up. I don't intend to turn that on for people who are watching the webinar. I don't need them to know how many people are in the room. It can be a little awkward sometimes, I suppose, if you only have like say five people watching live and, you know, you want people to get excited essentially. And if you have that on, people will know that. So I like to turn that one off. Attendees may request to speak. I also turn that off. Okay. And then here is the webcam thumbnail position. So that's when you share your slides, where do you want your webcam to appear. So I like to select top right up here. You can also do bottom right. That's why I find top right tends to be a little bit more intuitive and sensible. And then in terms of the thumbnail size, I like to choose medium or large. So I tend to go medium anyway. Small is too small. All right. And the next thing I've talked about, how many people are here. The chat is where people will be typing in comments. So they can select to everyone when they're typing or to admin only. So that's when you'll get the DM. So they can type the comments. I forgot to mention earlier, set sticky note is where you can pin messages to the top. So I might say something like, welcome. Please let me know where you're tuning in from. So I might tap that. So everyone who's coming in will see that. All right. And then here is the poll. So you might have pre-created some polls when you were setting up your webinar. So you go in there and publish it. If you want to add new ones, you can, but I would suggest pre-populating that in the setup before you go live on the day itself. So it's easier for you to hit publish than have to type it in. And then this section here is the offer. So that's what you're selling. So most of you doing your webinar will be offering people the next step, which is the discovery call and application route. So that's when I would suggest putting that up and just make sure that you've got everything pre-done and set up in your webinar setup stage. Now with this offer, there is two buttons to click. Be very, very familiar with this. So the first thing is start offer, and then it doesn't actually go live until you hit publish. So just make sure you've got that set up and then it will come up with remove offer if you want to stop it. I would say keep it on once you've hit publish, and you would do that in the part where you're prompting people to go book. Okay. The video is if you had any videos that you're sharing, but probably don't have to do that. The file section is your freebie. So things that you promise you'll give to people if they stay right till the end of the webinar. So that's something that you would pre-upload. So you want to hit share, and then you see it saying sharing. So it will pop up. Now I just want to mention about your offer and your files pop up because a lot of people are not sure what it looks like, and that's how you would want to experience that as an attendee using another email address and registering yourself that way. So that's where it will pop up on the right-hand side if they're watching it from the desktop, or if they're watching on the phone, they'll have to scroll down to the bottom. So when I pop up these things, I like to say to the attendee, hey, I've just popped up the offer link for you to go book your strategy call now. It's counting down, you know, 28 minutes or whatsoever. Just make sure that you look on the right-hand side if you're on your desktop, or if you're on your mobile, scroll right to the bottom and you'll see it. Same thing with the files. When you pop up the offer, it will come up as the first tab. The files will come up in the second tab. So you just need to get them to look clearly. Sometimes people can't find it, so you just have to explain to them. All right, and then just one last thing here is your slides. You can upload your presentation, like I mentioned. Otherwise, I like to screen share and keep it really simple. All right, so when you're ready, you just basically click go live, okay? And then when you're done, you just have to hit the same button and it will end the webinar. And when you finish, okay, you just come back to your dashboard and hit replay. And within around 10-15 minutes, your replay link will appear here. And that's the link that you're going to grab to put into your email marketing system for the replay email. Thanks so much.
