---
Source Program: Accelerator Program
File Name: Accelerator 12.2 - updated.mp4
---

All right, welcome back to this very last lesson here on week 12. Now in this lesson, we're going to talk about how you can take what you've learned so far and created for your online package. Now we're going to help you to scale it and build it into your hybrid online program so you can blow the ceiling off your income potential and build your six figure online business. Now contrary to popular belief, a lot of people would think in order for them to get to that six figure mark, they need to work harder, work longer and see more clients. But I can tell you, having gotten there very quickly myself within a short period of nine months, I was able to do that with a lot more guided support and of course, working smarter and also creating more leverage in my business. Because what a lot of people experience when they get busy and start seeing more clients is that they feel like they're constantly in the hamster wheel and they feel burnt out and overwhelmed and there's no leverage in their business and what they end up with is hitting that income ceiling and not being able to do more because they're capped. So what we want to help you to create and build is a business that you can grow and scale and it's not fully reliant on you to run it. So what we're talking about is creating this hybrid online program that you can build and grow and scale and market it so you can use it to help you build your six figure online practice. Now in this instance here, we talked about Practitioner C in the last lesson where she's able to grow her business to six figures using a premium online program approach. And this particular practitioner decides to charge $1,600 for her online program and so she really only need to enroll two new clients a week or eight new clients a month to get to that $153k a year business. And this is not the end of it. If this practitioner decides to do a launch or add in additional passive income streams like creating ebooks, meal plans, recipe books and all of those kind of things, then they're able to scale their business to maybe a multiple six figure online business as well. And I want you to imagine if you do have a six figure business, what is that going to do for you? How is that going to help you improve your quality of life? And for me, I know that having a six figure business has allowed me to have more freedom in my schedule. So I get to decide when I want to work and how long I want to work for. And I certainly don't have to fill my schedule from Monday to Saturday, seeing clients in order to get there. I get to take my family on extended vacations whenever we want to. And I know certainly for a lot of my clients, they have been able to leave the nine to five jobs that they don't really enjoy that much anymore. Some of them have been able to pay off their home loans or student loans, and some of them have been able to buy nicer cars or nicer houses as well. So having a six figure online business is just the beginning because you can definitely scale it and build it to the next level. And friends, if the idea of growing your practice to a six figure year excites you, then I would love to invite you to apply for the Momentum Club, and we're going to help you to shortcut your process and skyrocket your success in a six months intimate coaching container. Now, I know some of you might be thinking that you haven't quite finished the curriculum yet on the accelerator because you might be falling a bit behind, or you might be tempted to wait it out and maybe get a few more clients first before you move on to the next level program. What if I tell you that investing in support and getting the exact roadmap is what is going to help you to skyrocket your success and get you there in six months instead of two years? What I know is for a lot of my clients who are really successful, who get there really quickly are the ones who are able to invest in the ongoing support to help them create that momentum in their business. They have the accountability and the support to help them when they hit roadblocks or mindset blocks because we know that being in business can be really lonely. So if you're finding yourself being surrounded by a family of friends who don't understand what you're creating your business, they don't understand why you're constantly on social media, then it's going to be really hard for you to get the right support. So what we want to do in our coaching container is to grow you as a person and also help you to build your business more efficiently. And friends, if the idea of building a six figure online business excites you and you're looking for ongoing support after finishing the accelerator program, then I would love to invite you to apply for the momentum club. It is an intimate coaching container, your next level support to help you skyrocket your success in six months. Now I know some of you might be thinking that you haven't quite finished the accelerator program just yet, or you might be falling a little bit behind with the curriculum. So you feel like you are not quite ready to learn more things yet. Or you might be someone who's thinking you just want to take some time to implement what you've learned so far and get a few clients before you invest in more support. Now what if I tell you that ongoing support is going to be what will help you to get more clients, grow your business, help you leave that nine to five job that you don't quite enjoy anymore. Because a lot of my clients have said in the past that being in this coaching container has helped them to gain momentum with their business. It's helped them to move through any mindset blocks or roadblocks that they experienced along the way. So we can support them with troubleshooting and it gets them there to their goals, to that six figure mark so much quicker. And we've got the exact roadmap to help you get there instead of you trying to figure it out on your own for the next year or two. Now what the momentum club is, is that it's a six months mindset and business coaching. Now what the momentum club is, is that it's a six months business and mindset coaching program that I've designed especially for dietitians and nutritionists. And it's designed to help you transition from that one-on-one service model and build it into a scalable business model. So it's less reliant on you and you can grow your business to that six figure mark. The program is divided into five phases. And it's designed to build on what you've learned and implemented so far on the accelerator program and taking it to the next level by helping you to expand your reach on social media. It's going to help you to build your hybrid online program that you can charge a premium for. And phase three is when you learn how to create your sales funnel. Phase four is you're going to learn how to launch a hybrid online program or even courses down the track as well with confidence. And phase five is scaling your business to that six figure mark. Now all the specifics about what you're going to learn, I will step through with you right now. So the first thing is we're going to help you to become a client magnet. So you're irresistible to your ideal clients and you're seen as the go-to service provider in your niche. You're also going to learn how to create your lead magnet that will help you to build your tribe of engaged fans. And you're going to learn all about email marketing and using it to your advantage to grow your list. And then you're going to learn how to design, create, and launch your online program. So over here, we have a lot of step-by-step tutorials on the Momentum Club designed to help you know what tools and equipment that you'll need to record your videos. You'll learn how to record and edit those videos and launch it with confidence as well with a whole bunch of resources to support you along the way. And you're also going to learn how to automate your sales funnel. So you're constantly being able to have people coming through your sales funnel and enrolling them into your program. And then once you do that, we're going to teach you how to scale your business with group programs and online courses so you can create that passive income stream in your business. And all the inclusions are listed on the slide. And the biggest thing that I want to show you is that on the Accelerate, so all the inclusions are here on this slide. And the biggest thing I want to highlight that is different about the Momentum Club is you're going to get me directly. And I will be able... So all the inclusions for the Momentum Club is listed here on this slide. But the biggest thing that I want to highlight that is different to the Accelerator... So all the inclusions for the Momentum Club is listed on this slide. But the biggest thing that I want to highlight that's different to the Accelerator program is that you're going to get me directly in your business. And what I'm going to do is I'll be providing you with a lot of support to help you personalize things, troubleshoot, and grow your business with more strategic direction. So that will include elements like private coaching sessions with me. We're going to have fortnightly group coaching calls as well. So you get me and also a small group of peer support to keep you accountable and to give you that momentum as well. And you also get access to twice a week office hour support to be able to pick my brains every single week. And you will get access to the Trello portal. So all the inclusions for the Momentum Club is here on this slide, but the biggest difference of what distinguishes this from the Accelerator program is that you're going to get a lot more personalized support from me. And if you really like what you've been getting on the Accelerator program, then the Momentum Club is going to blow your socks off because I'm going to be able to give you that personalized attention and support to help you build your business in a more strategic way. So some of the elements that you'll get would include private coaching. You're going to get a small group coaching environment with a team of peers who are in a similar stage of business as you. And we're also going to be able to support you through our twice a week office hour as well. So I'm going to go in and pick my brains and things. And then you'll also get access to a Trello portal, which we've set up for you. So you use it as your accountability board and you can always attach any resources or assets that you're working on for me to review and give you feedback on. So what a lot of people would use in this format is that they would maybe attach the program framework, their videos and things for me to give them feedback on. And then you also get access to the momentum portal, which has over 40 training videos. And there's a whole heap of templates and resources to help you. So you know what to do each step of the way, and you don't have to Google or figure it out on your own, especially for someone who is not so good with tech. This is going to be a really supportive program to help you build your online course with confidence. And these are some of my beautiful clients that we've helped them to scale their business to that 10k a month and beyond. And you might recognize a lot of these faces here as well. Some of them started from scratch with no audience. Some of them came to me at 5k months, but we've been able to help them scale the business really quickly. Some of them within four months, some of them within nine months, depending on how many hours they work in their business each week. But a lot of them have been able to leave their full-time job that they really don't enjoy anymore. Some of them work part-time because they have got kids or some of them were in GP practices before and now they've been able to extract themselves out of that, going online and they have created or built a team that sees clients in person. So I don't know if you see yourself going there, but a lot of these practitioners have been able to achieve this really quickly. And these practitioners are still growing and building their business and they're in their five to 10k months and they're going to get there to that six figure year really quickly as well. So I just wanted to quickly flesh out some of my beautiful clients I've worked with that we've helped them to build their business to that 10k month and beyond mark. And we're really happy for them because some of them have been able to start from scratch, leave their nine to five job and build their business. And these, and I wanted to quickly show you some of the beautiful clients that we work with. Like these practitioners here have been able to grow their business that 10k month and beyond mark. Some of them have been able to leave their job and they are now working full-time in their business. Some of them only work part-time because they have kids and some of them have transitioned from that in-person GP. And I want to quickly show you some of the beautiful clients that we work with to help them scale their business to that 10k month and beyond. Some of them have started from scratch with no audience at all and have been able to hit that 10k month within four months. Some of them have been able to hit that within nine months because they might be working part-time. And I know for a lot of these practitioners, they've created a lot more financial freedom for themselves and have been able to leave the nine to five job that they don't enjoy. And some of them have built a team around them. So they are online and they might have dietitians that work for them in person in the GP clinics as well. And some of them are still working part-time in their business and generating that 10k month revenue. And these are some of the practitioners that we are also working with and they're in that five to 10k month mark. And a lot of these people are just like you and me. They're no one special and they're not any smarter. It's just that they have gotten the right strategy. They have the roadmap and they know how to build their business in a more strategic way. So my friends, if you're ready for more support, you're excited about the possibilities and opportunities available to you to grow your business, that six figure mark, then I would love to invite you to apply for the Momentum Club. Now the Momentum Club is open and I would love to invite you to apply as soon as you can. And if you are interested to hear more, you can fill in the application form that's right below this video and tell me some of your goals and what you're trying to achieve. And then what we'll do is we'll reach out to you to organize a complimentary strategy call so we can talk about the specifics and how we're going to help you to grow your business to that six figure mark. And if you apply within the next four weeks, we like to reward action takers and we want to be able to help you take your business to the next level quicker. So what we want to do is reward you with... So friends, if the idea of... So friends, I want to ask you, are you ready for more support to help you grow your business to that six figure mark? Because if you are, then I would love to invite you to apply for the Momentum Club that is open for... So friends, I want to ask you, are you ready to get more support to help you grow your business more strategically and get it to that six figure mark? If so, then I would love to invite you to apply for the Momentum Club. Now there's an application form right at the bottom of this video where you can fill in and share with me what your goals are. And then what we're going to do is we'll reach out to organize a complimentary strategy call with you. So friends, I want to ask you, are you ready for more support, more strategic direction to help you grow your business to that six figure mark? Because if you are, then I would love to invite you to apply for the Momentum Club. Now Momentum Club is really your next step and would love to help you to grow your business more strategically. And if you are keen to find out more, please go and fill in the application form that's found below this video. And it's a no obligation application. So what we will do is we're going to reach out to you to organize the time so we can go on the strategy call and talk about how we can help you to build your business to that six figure mark. So friends, are you ready to take your business to the next level and grow a business of your dreams? Because if you are, then I would love to invite you to apply for the Momentum Club. Now the Momentum Club is really your next step and your support to help you to build your dream business. And if you're interested to find out more, please go and fill in the application form that's found below this video. And it's a no obligation application as well. So if you're interested to find out more, we would then love to hear what your goals are and then reach out to organize a time for a strategy call so I can chat to you about how we can help you to grow your business with more leverage and reach your goals that you want to achieve. And we love to reward action takers as well. So if you apply within the next four weeks, then we're going to gift you with $1,000 discount off your enrollment fee. And the next bonus is if you apply within the next week, then we're going to also give to you an additional Instagram strategy and audit call with our coach as well. So you get more support to help you grow your business and also your social media as well. And you know how to move your business forward.


So friends, I want to ask you, are you ready to grow your business and take it to the next level? Are you ready for more strategic support so you can build a business of your dreams? Because if you are, then I would love to invite you to apply for the Momentum Club. You're going to find an application form right at the bottom of this video, and it's a no obligation application as well. So if you're interested to find out more, then please go and fill in the form to share your goals with me. And then what we're going to do is we'll reach out to organize a complimentary strategy call together so I can hear more about what you want to achieve and share with you how I can help you to build a business of your dreams. Now we would love to reward action takers. So if you are going to apply within the next four weeks, then we're going to take a thousand dollars off your enrollment fee. And this bonus here is not available to the general public. So it's a really special bonus. And the other bonus we're going to give you as well is if you apply within the next week, then we're going to also throw in an additional Instagram audit and strategy call with our coach for you. When you join our program, you're going to get both bonuses together. That means you're going to get an additional twelve hundred dollars worth of bonuses. If you're someone who is ready and you're serious about taking your business to the next level, then we want to reward you for it. So as a last reminder, go and fill in the application form right at the bottom and you're going to get over twelve hundred dollars worth of bonuses if you take action now. And we would love to chat to you and hear from you and support you with your business. We'll talk soon.
