---
Source Program: Accelerator Program
File Name: PHASE 0 - Navigating the Accelerator Portal.mp4
---

What's up there rock stars? Welcome to this video tutorial here where I'm going to take you through on an orientation tour of the accelerator program portal so you know how to navigate your way around and use it with ease. Now this is the dashboard and that's what it will look like when you first come into the program portal and you notice that the lessons and videos are all arranged under each category. Now when you first join a program you'll have immediate access to phase zero which is the foundation module and all the lessons that falls underneath will show up in this main page and you would have watched the first lesson here. Make sure you go in there and actually download the framework and the timeline as well so you have all the dates available for our calls and for when the modules are being released to you. And I just want to quickly show you how to navigate this area here so you'll see when you first come in if it's a video lesson you'll see the play button over there which you can just click play and that will show you all the videos and of course you can use the slide bar here to fast forward. Now there's a few key features here for you to use. So the first one is the volume button so you can slide it up to adjust the volume. You can adjust the speed so on here that's the wheel button there so click on speed and then you can choose to speed up or slow down. And the next one is the full screen button so you can click on that there and then that will make the video full screen. And on this next side bar here that will show you all the different lessons underneath that module. So in the foundation module we've got four lessons plus this one that you'll be watching there's five lessons underneath and you'll see how far along you've watched on that video through this little progress bar there and once you've completed a lesson I highly recommend you mark as complete over here so you know that you've completed that module or that lesson. And then you can move through to the next lesson by clicking on that or you can click next category once you've finished that whole module. All right and some of the video lessons will have either worksheets or links attached to them so this one here is the program intake questionnaire so this is the next task for you to complete. We would love for you to complete it as soon as you join the program. So to complete the questionnaire just click on that link there you'll see it's in the blue font and that will take you through the accelerator program questionnaire and will take you about 10 minutes to complete that. Again once you finish that just mark as complete. Now we do release the lessons to you or the modules to you week by week and we call it drip feeding. So we do drip each week at a time and we usually do it on the Saturday or the Sunday before for the week ahead. So just if you do come in and see that there's no lessons under the weeks calm down don't be don't be fearful. So we do drip the lessons to you one week at a time. We want to make sure that you can work through the lessons in a systematic way and you're not feeling overwhelmed because we do have over 40 lessons in this program. So we want you to work through it step by step and it's week one right through to week 12 and you can see with each lesson here we've got the weeks and then which phase it is and all the lessons underneath and under each one you'll see how long the videos are. So for the first lesson there in week one it's 12 minutes eight minutes six minutes and seven minutes and it gives you a good overview of how long the videos are all going to take and we do break them down to bite-sized videos as well so they're really short and sweet and easy for you to work through. The ones that are not released yet they will look like that so you'll see that there's nothing underneath and I just want to give you the warning or heads up that week six is implementation week so there's no video lessons there so don't be alarmed when you get here and the reason why we have implementation week is because we've gone through so much really big crucial information here in the weeks prior so we want to give you some time to catch up if you are falling behind and to work through all the lessons and to actually implement everything that you've learned so then we will still have the Q&A on that week and you can come on with all your questions and throw them at me. Alright and as you scroll through when you get to week four you'll see a section there that still falls under week four it's called graphic design hacks so I've actually got canva templates here for you and what you can do is click on them and you're going to come in here and I've got a description and say you can access the templates on there so simply click on that link and that's going to take you through canva and on here it would say a template has been created by me and it was shared when you start designing now so that's the look of it I've created these templates for you to help you make posting easier so if you don't know how to create and design things on canva that's totally okay we have all these templates set up to make your life easier so what you can do simply scroll through look at all the different templates we have available for you and then use template here and then that will open up on your canva account so you will have a chance to set up your canva account in week three so don't freak out but if you want to go ahead and set up your canva account you can do that now as well all right and then we also have under week five and sprinkle all throughout different worksheets for you to download as well so under all the different lessons you'll see the download section so these are actually worksheets that you can download and then also under week 5.4 under tracking your metrics we do have a google sheet on there as well so we create google sheets for you guys so then it's easier for you to open up different excel spreadsheets or work document because some of them have got formula in them and we know that for people who use mac that formula may not work on a microsoft word or microsoft powerpoint or microsoft excel document so what we do is have them on google sheet so when you open it up it would say do you want to copy the document so you just make a copy or open up in your google account and that's what it is so you'll see a lot of these all have the red triangle on the corner so these are all formulas okay that will automatically populate once you enter things and the ones in gray are automatically calculated and there's a different tab here that gives you your post analytics which you can enter to track your post now you're going to have a lot of different google sheets that will give you and what you can do is organize them into a folder just like how you organize folders on your computer so what you do is you just click on new folder that will open up a new folder and suggest having one for accelerator and saving all your forms and sheets on there so it's easier for you to get back to wonderful so that's it for now on the video tutorial i hope that this has given you a little bit more ease and awareness on how to use the platform if you do ever get stuck or you get locked out of the portal for some reason because you forgot your password you're more than welcome to email us it's info at shallenoy.com info at shallenoy.com for all things technical if you get lost and you need help on the platform or if you can't find anything do feel free to email us alternatively you can hit me up on the facebook group and just send me a message on there and let me know if something has gone wrong or if you need some help with navigating the platform all right so that's it for this video here i'll see you over in the next video
