---
Source Program: Accelerator Program
File Name: Phase 0 - Mastering Your Mindset.mp4
---

Hello there, welcome to this lesson on mustering your mindset. Now I know a lot of you are feeling super pumped and you just can't wait to get into the next lesson, but before we do that, I actually want us all to stop right now and address the mindset piece because this is going to be the key foundation to you succeeding in entrepreneurship. Now entrepreneurship can be a wild ride. There's so many things that can go wrong. There's also so many things that can go right and it will be beyond your wildest dreams when you have your successes, running your own business. And having gone through it over the last few years, I can tell you hand to heart that entrepreneurship is the craziest thing that I've done. I went from being an employee in a hospital for 10 years before I stepped into entrepreneurship. And even though it can be really tough, but hand to heart, it is the best thing that I've done for myself and my family. And the reason why I want to talk about entrepreneurship and mindset right here is because over the next few weeks, you're going to be learning so much. I want you to have an open mindset and soak up as much as you can, because I'm going to be teaching you everything that I know about starting your own business and getting it off the ground and actually getting clients. But along the journey, you might feel like things are going to get harder. There's so much to learn. It can feel overwhelming. There can be so many emotions that are going to run through your mind, but I want you to remember that this is not going to be forever. When you start something new, it is going to be the toughest. It's just like you going to the gym or you learning to ride a bike when you're a child. It's going to be the hardest to get your motivation going. You are going to fall so many times before you succeed, but I want you to know that the journey in itself is so valuable. You're going to learn so much about yourself, but at the end of the day, when you get to point B and you look back, it's going to be so worthwhile because you'll be wondering why you didn't start sooner because you'll be seeing so much more freedom financially, so much more time for yourself, so much more freedom to do what you want in terms of moving towards your goal. And I can promise you, me being on the other side now, it's definitely so worthwhile. But before we go there, I want to prepare you and your mindset. When you think of your mindset like a muscle, it's just like you going to the gym. You've got a set routine for training and you know that you have to do X, Y, and Z before you get to your goal of building a certain physique or muscle. A mindset is exactly the same. It's like a muscle that you need to keep working on it. You need to keep training yourself. It's not always rainbows and nice things that would happen, but you need to keep working on your mindset and remind yourself of your goal and where you want to get to. And over the next few lessons from here on, we're going to talk about niching and all of that, which are all going to be a little bit tricky in the beginning for some people. You know, you might feel really overwhelmed. You might feel a little bit confused, but remember where you're heading with this. And we're here. Me and my team are here to guide you as you move along this journey and we're always cheering for you and rooting you on. Okay. And these are just some of the emotions that can happen as you go through entrepreneurship over the next 12 weeks that we have together over the next six to 12 months that you have and building your business and growing it. There's going to be a lot of emotions like fear. You might doubt yourself and sometimes you might have that feeling of who am I to do this? Am I cut out for this? You might get rejected when you hear no from your prospects. When you get on discovery calls with them, you might be really nervous about what the future can hold. And yes, it can be stressful. Yes, there can be a lot of uncertainty, but yet I want you to look on the positive. You know, a lot of you, I know you're feeling super excited, you're feeling super pumped and I want you to know that we're here for you. And no matter how hard this journey is, we're here to hold your hands and you're not going to fall alone. If you do fall, we're going to be here to lift you up as a team. And this group of dieticians and nutritionists that you're going through this program with, we're all doing this together and we're all here to support each other. And this is going to be your community and your family as we go through the next 12 weeks together. Now when we go through the stages of starting a new business and starting your own online business, there's going to be some common themes, things that you're going to encounter. These are things that I hear dieticians and nutritionists talk about when we talk about building your online business. And one of the most common thing is being unsure about what niche to pick, right? I often see dieticians and nutritionists getting so stuck on this stage that they are almost stuck on that market research phase. They're constantly reading, constantly searching, constantly going back and forth, and they just can't seem to decide. And what they do is they end up getting stuck on this stage that they don't move forward. So what can happen is that they miss out on clients and miss out on the opportunity to learn to implement and to evaluate. So I want you to bear in mind that you simply can't be stuck on this phase forever. And the second thing that comes up a lot is people overthinking everything and you get stuck in that analysis paralysis stage. And there's so many things, so many decisions that you have to make. And what I want you to do is to think about it, make your best decision, and put your best foot forward. And then if things go wrong, you learn how to fix it, you learn how to pick yourself up. Okay. And the third thing is perfectionism. That is a super common trait that all of us, I think most of us dieticians and nutritionists have. We are perfectionist at heart. We want to do things to our best. And sometimes this really good trait can hold us back and get us stuck in that analysis paralysis phase, again, that we don't move forward. And the fourth thing is imposter syndrome. Now, imposter syndrome is that feeling of being inadequate, that feeling that you're a fraud, that feeling that you don't know anything and you can't do anything. But I want you to remind yourself that a lot of people do have imposter syndrome. Even people who are really successful out there, this still pops up from time to time. And it's the same for me as well. I'm not perfect. I'm a human being just like you, but a lot of us still experience that. But what we know what to do now with the experience is we know how to tackle it. We know how to tone down that imposter voice inside our mind and move forward. Okay. So I want you to know that this is super common. And the fifth one is the fear of failure. Now, of course, no one wants to fail. And so a lot of us, our brain wants to keep us safe. A lot of times when we make decisions, when we have big plans, when we have big goals, suddenly we get that voice pop up in our head to say, are you sure you can do this? What if it doesn't work? What if you don't get any clients? What if people say no to you? What if you don't earn any money? All of these thoughts are going to pop up in your mind from time to time to keep you safe. And it's that fear that can prevent us from moving forward because we want to feel safe. All right. And there's going to be a lot of things that you're going to be experiencing with time. And before we move forward, I want to quickly share with you my story to help you see what is possible. So back in 2017, just like a lot of you, I put my first foot forward and say, yep, I want to start an online business. I have a family now and I want more flexibility. And at that stage, I was scared. You know, I didn't know what to expect. I didn't have a mentor back then. And there was just a lot of things that I didn't know that I didn't know. Right. So I had to figure out a lot of things. And so what I knew at that stage was I was good at a few things. So I decided I'm going to step up. And instead of being a journalist, I'm going to be a specialist. So, you know, I'm a specialist in this, this and this and that. So I ended up with four specialty area, pediatrics, diabetes, IBS and weight loss. So I called myself a journalist, sorry. So I called myself a specialist, but really I was a journalist who just couldn't decide on which niche I had. So I had four specialty areas. And at that stage, even though I was a dietitian with 10 years experience, I was still really fearful of charging. So I started with very low prices and I a lot of times felt that imposter syndrome creeping up when I needed to increase my prices. And when people would call and inquire about my prices, I feel really embarrassed about talking about how much I charge. And at times I would often want to lower my prices off for a discount or something to entice them to book in because I didn't believe that I was worth the fees. And when someone said, oh, that's quite expensive, I would take it quite literally and would, you know, keep playing my mind. Am I too expensive? Am I good enough? You know, who am I to charge this much? And I struggled with this for about a year and a half. Every time I raised my prices, I have that self doubt coming back. Every time I try and do something new, my mind was keeping me safe. And I was so concerned about what other people were thinking about me. So when I do something, especially on Instagram, you know, where I was so much more visible, I was so worried about what people would think. So, you know, to create a post, I would end up spending an hour and a half creating just the image of the post because I had to make sure that I do my research first before I posted to make sure everything was perfectly lined up. You know, my captions were beautifully written. I had to make sure that it sounded right, then I'd go back to doing more research if I wasn't sure. And it would take me an hour and a half to create a post. So if I were to post four times a week, can you imagine how much time that would have taken me? And at times I didn't even post because I was so busy trying to look after my clients that I didn't have the time. And I just couldn't be bothered doing it because I didn't want to do something half-heartedly in case that was wrong. And that was preventing me from being visible to the world. And the other thing that I was really struggling with was I waited too long to get online, to start offering my services because I didn't know how to stand out. I didn't know what to do. I didn't know how to. And there was one thing that came up very clearly along the way, you know, as I took the next step, step by step, and I put my next foot forward and trialed and errored and learned everything that I could. There was one thing that came up and this is really my motto that I live by now. And that is to take imperfect action and choose progress over perfection. Choose progress over perfection. And that's a really important message. I keep reminding myself now, everything that I do, if I decide that I need to spend another half an hour trying to perfect this, and I think to myself, no, progress over perfection, I've done what I can now, I'm going to pass it on to the next member of my team to proofread. I'm not going to spend too much time on this because it's not worth my time. Right? So I want you to constantly remind yourself of this, choose progress over perfection. Because what's going to happen when you put something out there is that you're testing it and your first version is never going to be your last version. Right? So you want to put your idea, you want to put your content, you want to put your program out there to test it. And then once you've put it out there, people go through it, then they can give you feedback. You can review the content, you can review your strategy, and then that's how you can improve it. If you don't even take the first step to put it out there to test, you're never going to know what needs to change, whether it's working or not, and whether you need to tweak the messaging or whatever it is. So you need to think of it as the cycle. You need to put something out there, review it, improve it, and get it better and better each time. I'm going to quickly finish this off with some mindset shifts that I want you to think about. All right? So the first thing a lot of people get stuck with, like I said, is picking a niche and getting stuck in this space forever. Instead of doing that, I want you to start by picking the area that interests you and excites you the most. Put it out there because you can refine it and get it better and better as you go. And if you realize that you don't like it later on, you can always pivot. Okay? The key is to put it out there and test it, because otherwise you never really know if you like it or not. And the second thing that I see a lot of people get stuck with, this is what we're going to cover in week three, is to pick your platform or software, like your client management system, your medical records, and all of that. And a lot of people spend so much time comparing between A to B to C to D, and they waste so much time in that. And the difference is so minute, right? So what I want you to do is to pick the platform that's going to suit your needs the best right now, because you can always change or upgrade to a better platform later on if you need to. And third thing is a lot of people spend so much time trying to perfect their content, trying to get it better, that little tweak, that minor, you know, little adjustment and all of that. And that ends up taking so much time, when from an outsider point of view, it may not even matter. Right? So I want you to remember not to overthink it, you know, just put it out there. Otherwise, no one's going to hear or see your content, and no one's going to benefit from that. All right. And next thing is focusing so much on what your competitors are doing. Now over the next couple of weeks, I'm going to get you to do some market research in your niche. And this is where a lot of people can get stuck. When they start looking at what the competitors are doing, they stuck in that fear, that self doubt, the uncertainty, that feeling that everyone else is better than them. And they're no good. And what I want you to do when you do those research is to think about what you're doing, and try and see between the gaps, because the gap is where I want you to get into the gap is where the money is. And when you do the market research, you're simply looking for the opportunities, you're looking at the gaps, and then you're providing that missing piece of the puzzle. So focus on who you're helping, and stay in your own lane, and know that you can be unique in your own way. All right, there's no one else out there like you, and they're not going to teach the way that you do. They're not going to create content. They're not going to help the clients the way that you do, because you are unique and you have your own unique approach. And the next thing is setting your rates really low, simply because you want to be the cheapest to attract more people. But do you know that you do not have to be the cheapest to attract more clients. People are not attracted to you, and this is, I'm speaking for majority of the times. People are not attracted to you because you're the cheapest. They're attracted to you because they connect with you, they connect with your story, they vibe with your energy, they like the way you teach, they like the way that you do things, and they're attracted to you for so many other reasons other than your rates. So I want you to set your rates. You may have your goal rate in mind, like for example, you may want to charge $200 for your 60 minute consult ultimately, but maybe if you're a beginner, you're not going to start with that. So start with something a bit lower and know that you can increase over time. Charge what you're worth. And the last thing is giving up too quickly. So many businesses fail in the first year, and that's because they give up so quickly. They try something one or two times and then decide it's not for them, and then they give up. But what I want you to remember is that running a business is like running a marathon. You got to train for it, you got to persevere. There's going to be times when it gets really tough, and there's going to be times when you doubt yourself if you have the ability to finish that journey. But you need to know that there's so many people on the sidelines here who are cheering you on, and we want you to get to your goalpost. So you need to remind yourself of why you're running this marathon, why you're building this business. And know that ultimately, you're going to get to the goalpost, but you just need to persist and be consistent. All right, and I will just quickly finish off here with a few really important business lessons that I have gone through myself that I want to share with you. Again, like I said, I want you to come back to this video later on when things get really hard and remind yourself that I've been through this, a lot of other successful entrepreneurs out there have been through this as well. So it's really important that you remember that it is a marathon. First thing is don't lose sight of the big picture and your why, of why you're doing this and running this business. Progress over perfection is lesson number two. Lesson number three is remembering that running a business is a marathon. It's not a sprint. And the fourth thing is you become an expert by doing, not by sitting here dreaming, writing, planning, but by implementing and actually doing it and learning. And I want you to not compare your chapter one, your beginning with someone else's chapter 20. Okay. They might look like they've got it together, but what you don't know is what's happening behind the scenes and the journey that they've been through. And lastly, I want you to remember to fill your own cup and to stop and smell the roses from time to time. I know a lot of you are very diligent and you're going to be investing a lot of hours into this and spending your time outside of your main work. Or, you know, if you're not employed right now, you might be spending all day working on your business. And this is normal. I do that sometimes too, but we need to remember sometimes slow down and fill a cup, reset and rejuvenate so we can come back and be fresh and view things with a fresh perspective. All right. So that's all for this lesson here. I want you to remember that all your dreams can absolutely come true if you have the courage to pursue that. I'm here for you and I can't wait to dive into the next lesson with you next week. I'll see you there.
