---
Source Program: Accelerator Program
File Name: Phase 0 - Understanding Your Deep Why.mp4
---

What's up there, rock stars? Welcome to this lesson here where we're talking about your deep why. Now this is part one of two of our really important core concepts that we need to be diving into before you move into next week's lesson where we start officially. And this is your pre-start lessons. Now the first part of this, we're talking about your deep why. And the next part is we're talking about your mindset. So make sure you take some time and really focus on reflecting and discovering your core drivers before you move ahead. Now before we do that, I want you to go ahead and go to the download section in this lesson here and download the worksheet. It's called understanding your deep why. And you can either pull that up and fill it on the screen electronically as we move through it together. Or if you're someone who loves to write, you can go ahead and print that out and fill in on paper as we move through. So go ahead and do that now and come back to me once you're ready to start. Wonderful. Welcome back. So the first question that I want you to reflect on is what gets you out of bed every single morning? When I ask you this question, what is it that comes to mind immediately? What sort of aspirations or goals have you got? What kind of passions or interests lights you up? And you just can't wait to get up each morning to fulfill that. And if money wasn't a problem, what would it be that you would be really excited about that gets you to do that, to achieve it? All right. So now I want you to pause the lesson here and go ahead and list five core reasons that gets you out of bed every morning. Great. The next two questions that I want you to think about is why did you decide to get into the profession? And also, why did you want to start your own business? You know, for some of us, we might have a personal reason around this. I know personally for me, I struggle with Irritable Bowel Syndrome, and I've got a brother who struggled with multiple sclerosis. Sorry, Paul. Now the next two questions that I want you to think about. All right. So the next two questions that I want you to think about is why did you decide to get into the profession? Was there someone or something that inspired you to do that? And the second question that when you think about is why did you want to start your own online business and become your own boss? Now for some of us, there might be some personal drivers around this. I know certainly for me, that was a big part of why I wanted to become a dietician and then further on decided to start my own business is because I personally struggle with IBS. And so I understood the role of nutrition and what we eat and its impact on my health or my gut per se. So I really was very interested in learning more, genuinely wanted to do to understand more to improve my own gut health. And then from doing that, I got really inspired to help other people with that as well, because I realized how common IBS was when I was going through dietetics. And then when I actually became a dietician, that inspired me to learn more and then became underwent more training in this area. And I also had a brother who struggled with multiple sclerosis. Now the next two questions that I want you to think about is why did you decide to get into the profession? Was there someone or an incident that struggled? Now the next question that I want you to think about is why did you decide to get into the profession? Was there someone or a particular incident that inspired you to want to learn more about nutrition and dietetics? And then the question after that is why did you decide to start your own business and become your own boss? Now for a lot of us, there might be a big part of this that is based on your own personal story. But for me personally, I struggle with IBS. So I was inspired to learn more, to understand more about the role of nutrition and its impact on my gut and my symptoms. And once I've learned that I mastered the process myself, I was then inspired to go on and help more people about it because I've realized how common IBS was and how many people struggle with it silently without seeking help. So that was a big motivator. And of course, my brother struggled with muscular dystrophy. So I really wanted to learn more about nutrition because I was so interested in the role of artificial feeding. He was tube fed for many, many years, so I was very interested in the role of artificial feeding and nutrition on life and its impact on improving the health outcomes and quality of life. So that was a big part for me. And then the other reason that inspired me to start my own business was my daughter. So once I became a mom, my goals, my career aspirations, and a lot of things changed, as a lot of you who are parents would completely understand. It became less of us, but more of our family and us wanting to provide for our family and doing really well and spending more time with them. So for me, the key driver for me to start my own business was freedom and flexibility. So I wanted more freedom to be able to take time off and go on vacations with my family when I want to. We have more flexibility around our schedule, so I can decide how many hours I want to work each day. And I didn't have to be stuck in traffic for an hour and a half each day going to and from work to get to my nine to five job. I mean, I love my job, but it just wasn't what my interest areas were lying in anymore. I just really wanted to have more time with my family and be able to take time off when I want to. And of course, the bonus of this is that we could have more abundance in terms of wealth and revenue growth that we don't have to be capped by a certain ceiling. What the hospital classification for the salary is, I don't have to be capped there. I can double it, triple it, quadruple it, or become a seven figure business if I wanted to and have the right strategies to get to because I know that I'm the key driver of this. So I get to make decisions to get me and my family there to that state. So I want you to pause that right now. Take as much time as you need to work through this because it is a big couple of questions. So I want you to take the time and think about that and then come back to me afterwards. All right, wonderful. So the next two questions I want you to think about is what change are you hoping to achieve through your skills, your expertise, and your business? Is there a particular group of people that you feel really passionate about helping and working with? For me, I know it's IBS because I really want to help people with gut issues who have been through what I've been through to get better because I know about the role of nutrition on improving symptoms. And of course, my massive passion is about empowering more dietitians, more females, especially more moms to start their own business. And instead of being confined to that square box of being a clinical dietitian or a certain type of dietitian, I want to empower more people to achieve their dreams, to start their own business and break those glass ceilings and really be empowered to decide where they want to take their career and build the business that will just help them to achieve more in life. Okay. And then the next question I want you to think about is what are you interested in in terms of nutrition? Is there a specific area? So these two questions are very similar. Just want you to think about it, ponder about it, and then once you've penned on your thoughts, come back to me. All right. Wonderful. So the last part of this question is what are your strengths? I want you to think about what are you really good at. Now this can be a little bit tricky for some of us because we may not like to brag about ourselves or bring all the attention to ourselves, but this is really for you. So I want you to reflect and ponder about what are you really good at? What comes natural to you? And don't overthink this question. I want you to just really jot down what comes to mind. Are you someone who's really organized? Are you someone who's really detail orientated or are you really good with money? Are you really good with design? Because these are things that you're going to need to pull in during your business journey, right? So I want you to think about what are you really good at and then also consider what are you not so good at because we might be able to outsource some of these tasks to other people later on. All right. So go ahead and finish that and then we will go on to part three of this video. All right. So I want you to go ahead and finish that and then we're going to go on to the next part of this video. Fantastic. Well done. Now this last part of the video is really thinking about your big vision. So I want you to start by thinking what is your overarching business goal? Where do you see your business in three to five years? So this is your big vision, right? And then once you've done that, I want you to break it down, take a step back and then think about what is your immediate short term goals. All right. So if you prefer to work backwards and start from your three months goal, you can do that first. So this accelerator program is three months long. Okay. So the easiest way to think about it is what would you like to have achieved by the time you finish the accelerator program? So you can start there and then build on to your six months, 12 months and five year goal. All right. So think backwards if you want to, or you can, you know, just plan forward if you like, do it, whichever that is easier for you. I want you to think about what are these little milestones that you want to hit. And I know sometimes it's really scary to set these goals because you don't know what's going to happen. And it's hard for us all to predict what the future looks like. So I want you to just put down whatever comes to your mind and don't be afraid to set big goals because when you aim for the stars, if you fail, at least you fall on the moon, right? So there is a lot of things that we can achieve if we put our heart to it. And I want you to have the courage to set these goals because you never know what you're going to be able to achieve. All right. So once you've done that, I want you to go into the Facebook group and really let us know. There will be a thread there. You'll find a Facebook post thread on there. I want you to go on there and post what is your three months, six months, 12 months and three year goal. All right. And then I will see you over in the next lesson once you've done all of that. And we will be talking about building your mindset muscle. I'll see you over there.
