---
Source Program: Accelerator Program
File Name: Stripe Payment Tutorial.mp4
---

Hello there, it's Sharlyn here. And in this tutorial, I'm going to take you through how to set up your Stripe account so you can be ready to take payments and process invoices when the time comes. Now, the first step that you'll need to do when you get into your Stripe account is to get your settings done. So go into your settings and make sure your account is set up with your details for your business. And also it's linked up to your business bank account so you can receive payments. So the thing is, when you get payments processed through Stripe, it usually takes around two business days to receive the payment itself in your bank account. So just be aware that there can be a delay with that. So once you've done your account settings, the next part is that you would want to start inputting all your products, all your offerings into Stripe so you can process the payments a lot quicker. Now, before you do that, I want to quickly explain to you that you need to make sure when you're processing actual payments that this viewing test data mode is off. So it's on right now. You can see that my screen is orange because I'm doing a training with you. So I don't want the information that I'm putting through this trial run input into my actual account. So I'm doing this as a test run. So if you're processing actual payments, just make sure that this is off so the payments will go through. Otherwise, you'll find that you're losing money and you're wondering where it's going. OK, so now that you've done that, let's go into products and start setting up your offerings. So let's say if you offer a PCOS program, let's call it PCOS Freedom Program up front. And then you're going to have two offerings. So you need to make sure you have a full payment for investment option and then a payment plan option. So for payment plans, I usually recommend around a 10 to 15 percent markup as a margin. So upfront investment for the program. And then what you need to do next here is to set up the pricing. So in terms of pricing model, I'll recommend leaving it a standard pricing and we're going to put in an amount of $800 for the payment. And then it's a once off payment. So change that to one time. And then the next part is making sure that your currency is set correctly. So I'm charging this person or I'm charging this offer for 800 Aussie dollars. I also have USD offers available as well. So it helps out my international clients because let's say, for example, I'm charging an international client and they are paying me in Aussie dollars, they are going to be slabbed with a transaction fee on their credit card from the Iran. So I like to be able to offer them a no extra transaction fee. So what I normally do is I will incorporate those fees into my offerings and charge them in USD and just allow about a three percent extra when you do the conversion, do the direct conversion. I'll add on an additional three percent, at least three percent, so it accounts for any other fees or charges that I will have to cop on my end. So once you've done that, then just save the product. So that's all done. We're going to go back into the products page. These are some examples I've done previously, so just ignore those. And this is your PCOS program. And now the next part is setting up the payment plan option. Program. So I'm going to put a P next to it. So it says payment plan. So I know. Okay. And then with the payment plan, like I said, I usually charge a 10 to 15 percent markup. So I'm going to do three lots of payments of $300 because the program goes for three months. So that's around $900. It's $100 more than the upfront payment. So that's about just more than 10 percent anyway. So I'm going to do $300 as a recurring payment. So there isn't a section here for you to tell Stripe when to stop the recurring payment. We're going to have to set it up separately. So you'll just need to input what the amount is for each payment. And then the next step that I'm going to take you through is showing you when to tell Stripe to stop. So you can see my two options there now. All right. And the next step before we go on to do that is we need to create the customer. So if you want a discovery call with your client and they say, yes, I want to go ahead with your PCOS program. What you'll need to do then is come into this screen and add this customer. So I'm going to give this person a name of maybe Charlotte Smith. Okay. So I'm going to add in Charlotte's email address, charlotte at gmail dot com. And I usually leave all of these. And the only sections I change is the currency. So I'm going to go charge in Aussie dollars. Okay. And then the second thing that I change on here is the tax status. So in Australia, we don't incur any charge for medical or health related services. So I'm going to do tax exempt there. But if they're buying a product in Australia, then there is a GST component of 10%. But if it's a health related service, like a consultation, then there's no additional fee. Okay. So I'm going to do an exempt for the text and add the customer. Right. So now that we've done that, there's two options. So Charlotte says, yes, I want to do an upfront investment. So I'm going to go into Charlotte's file. So this is her profile here. And then you can see this section here where it says invoices. So I'm going to go ahead and create this invoice while I'm on the phone with her. So you see why you need to do some practice. So you're familiar with it. So I'm going to go select the product PCOS program, $800, and then send test invoice. But before you do that, I want to just highlight the payment method. Now there's two ways for people to pay. You can either take the payment with them on the phone, or you can email the link for them to pay manually. So I like to, if someone says, yes, I want to go ahead, I like to process the payment on the phone straight away to reduce any risk of buyer's regret. Normally for a decent amount of purchase, like let's say anything under a thousand dollars, I'm usually quite comfortable with processing the payment on the phone. But let's say if your program is $3,000, I usually want to send them the client agreement to sign with all the terms and conditions and the link so they can look through it all properly and then pay for it manually. For smaller packages under a thousand dollars, if they say yes on the phone, I'll process it and then send them the client agreement afterwards. But I would obviously explain to them that this payment, there's no refunds. This is going to be a once processed of the payment on the phone right now, and then you won't get charged anymore. So I explain all of those with them before I send them the processed payment. So let's say this person wants to process the payment straight away on the phone. So I'm going to automatically charge a payment method on file, but we can see that there's no payment method on that because this is the first payment for Charlotte and she's a brand new customer. So I'm going to click add a payment method there, click on that, and then you can enter her card details straight away on the phone. And then once you've done that, that will pop up there and then you go click charge customer. All right. So that's option number one. But if Charlotte says, actually, I want to do a payment plan. So what you'll have to do is go into subscription and then create a test, create a subscription essentially. And then we're going to find Charlotte, type in her name, and then she's going to come up. All right. So now we have to add a product. So you can see here that I've got the two options, the PCOS freedom program, payment plan, and a PCOS program for payment. So we're doing a recurring payment of three payments. I'm going to select this one here. All right. So that's one quantity is $300 a month. Now, before you do anything, the next step is go to schedule your subscription. So you need to tell Stripe when to end the subscription. So the subscription, you can select the date when you want it to start and then when you want it to end. So I'm going to tell Stripe to end it after three months because the PCOS program is three months. We're doing three lots of payment. So it will then pop up and tell you when that payment stops and then you schedule that. All right. And then you can see $300 per month and goes for three months. And then you are going to go through the same way, which is what I covered earlier, whether you charge the method on file immediately, or you send the invoice to the customer to pay manually afterwards. Once you've done that, then you start the subscription. So that's all the key things that you need to note when you set up your Stripe account. Once you have processed a few payments, you'll see this area here be updated with your gross income, the number of customers and all that. So you can use it to keep track of your income as well. But these are just some of the basic key functions that you're going to use on Stripe. Other than that, there's a few lots of other options on here as well. I don't usually worry about that. You can come into this payment page here and just view overall payments, what you've received and what you've refunded, if you ever do any refunds. But that's really all that you're going to use. And then it will tell you when the payouts are. This is when Stripe will pay out the amount to the account that you have nominated. So it could be going to your bank account. So it would say how much is being sent on what day. So you can view your history here. But otherwise, that's all for this tutorial for Stripe. And I will see you over in the next lesson.
