---
Source Program: Accelerator Program
File Name: WEEK 1 - Niching for Success.mp4
---

Hello, everyone. I want to formally welcome you to week one of the Accelerator program. And over the next two weeks, we're going to be going through phase one of the program, and that is to clarify, and we're really still building the foundations of your program before we go on to the next phase. And over the next few lessons, we're going to take you through step by step on how to identify your niche, why you need to niche down and the what is niching all about. So in this particular lesson here, I'm going to talk about the what and the why. And then I'm going to be taking you through some case study examples of dietitians who've gone through the program and have achieved really good successes to help inspire you to know what's possible. All right. So the journey to becoming well-known and successful and profitable is really about going from a generalist to a specialist. And niching is really beneficial for many reasons. And first of all, when you niche down, you're only specifically learning about information in that niche. So you become really good very quickly and you refine your skills really quickly. And that is why niching is super beneficial, because you quickly become really good. You also gain visibility a lot easier and you become well-known or go-to person for this niche area for your clients and also for other health professionals. Someone who is looking for an IBS dietitian, for example, who is going to come to mind? Someone who specializes in IBS versus a dietitian who's in general practice, who's a generalist. And the next thing is when you niche down, you become clearer, clearer with who you're working with, clearer with your content creation. So you can create content, which is a lot more streamlined and targeted. And obviously the next part of niching down is that you become more profitable and you grow quicker. Trust me, it's hard to see that. But when you get there, you'll recognize that niching is actually the best thing you would have done. Now, one of the common roadblocks or the common question or complain or concern that I hear from people is that you need X number of years of experience before you can niche down or even go and start your private practice. And I want to say a big no-no to that and call out that as BS, because you don't need X years of experience. Okay. Now, I want you to think about niching as an evolution, as a cycle. The first thing that you need to do first is actually to pick an interest area and to niche down. And then you go on to market yourself as the go-to person for that. And when you do that, you'll be able to get clients a lot easier. And when you get clients, guess what's going to happen? You're going to get them results and they're going to feel better. Their lives are going to be transformed and you wow them, give them the best client experience that you can. Right. And then they're going to be raving about you. They become your super fans. They rave about you to their friends, family, neighbor, anyone that they know, or even come across in social media and say, you know, X, Y, and Z, so-and-so is really good at this area. You should really go to her. So then when you get that, you get testimonials from your clients, you gain confidence, you feel better about your skills, and then you continue to niche down, narrow it down if you like. And I always get you to start somewhere because once you take the first step, that's how you grow and become better. Now, now I'm going to cover in the next part, some of the common roadblocks or concerns that would come up when we talk about niching. And the first one is I'm not qualified enough. I'm not an expert in the area, so I feel a bit like a fraud that someone's going to call me out for saying something wrong. Who am I to specialize in this area? And I want us to make some mindset shifts in this by saying to yourself that I'm a dietician or a nutritionist. I've been through four years or three years of qualifications, of training to become really good at this. And I, perhaps if it's a, you know, a call of, and this section here, we're going to talk about more common roadblocks that comes up for dieticians and nutritionists when it comes to niching. And the first lot is I'm not qualified enough. I'm not a specialist in this area. I haven't got a PhD in this area and I feel like a fraud to specialize in this area. What if someone calls me out for something that I've said wrongly? Where am I to even specialize in this? And what I want you to do is to actually go from that. So next I want to address some more common roadblocks that comes up for dieticians and nutritionists when we go on to niche and specialize. One of the first lots that often comes up is I'm not qualified enough. I'm not an expert. Who am I to talk about this all day long? You know, I feel like a fraud some days. What if someone calls me up for something wrong that I've said? And this is very common. You know, it still comes up for me sometimes as well. It's our brain again, keeping us safe, keeping us in our comfort zone. And instead of that, I want you to make that mindset shift and go to, you know, I'm a university qualified dietitian with four years of experience, or I've got a diploma in nutrition and I'm a qualified nutritionist. I'm safe to practice and give nutrition advice. I know how to get my clients results and get them better, but perhaps it is the confidence that I lack. So maybe I need to get some more clients to get me better. I have the knowledge, but I just haven't gotten enough people results. So I'm not confident enough yet, but I have to start somewhere. How do you get started? You get clients, right? So I've put on the screen, you know, four of my clients I've been through the program and a lot of them have started in the same exact mindset. A lot of people are stuck in the beginning is I'm not good enough. You know, one of the examples is Amanda. Amanda is a dietitian from Melbourne, Australia. She had only been practicing for a few months as a dietitian when she first started. So, you know, a lot of those imposter syndrome that self-doubt had crept into her mind, but she persisted through, she knew that she had to get clients first in order for her to get better. So she went on to specialize as a result of the program, learned and identified her niche, which is in PCOS and non-diet nutrition. So she combined both of her key interests area and has created and launched her first beta group program at this time of recording. So she's done really well. And then we've got Jesse, who is a dietitian from America. We've got Sophie Mahoney, which is a dietitian in Australia and Christy endometriosis dietitian. Some of these dietitians haven't even worked with clients or may only have one client in that niche area before they stepped out and said, Hey, I'm specializing in this area and I take clients and I help them in this area. Right. So don't be afraid to put your first foot forward and that's how you learn and become better. All right. The second lot of roadblocks that comes up is I don't want to turn my clients away when they come to me asking for help, you know, by niching. What if that limits the number of people that I can help and that affects my income? I don't like the idea of that. I should really, you know, if someone needs help as a dietitian, I should be able to help them. But what can happen when you actually niche down is going to be mind blowing, right? I've got a client that works with me in my inner circle program, Chelsea McCallum. She's a dietitian in Brisbane and by niching down, actually I would start doing this by telling you her story. So she's had been on Instagram for a long time, I would say a couple of years. And she at that stage only had 3000 followers when she came to me, it wasn't very engaged follower and she was just general kind of, you know, nutrition account. She would post anything, but you know, even her, she had 3000 followers. She wasn't really attracting any clients. She had some paid sponsorship, but it was only bringing a few hundred dollars here and there and there was no consistency. She had no clear niche and no framework for getting clients. She was working for someone else full time, you know, and by niching down, by identifying her messaging, her ideal client, her brand messaging, and really getting to understand what her ideal client's pain points are. She has just blew her mind, her cap off with her income. And she's since in the short span of time being on the program has since left her full time job, generated consistent five figure months. And she's well and truly on her way to getting a six figure year and hiring stuff to help her on her business as well. And she's now launched her premium one-on-one program and group program. And she also has a digital recipe ebook as well. She wouldn't be able to get here so quickly within three months of getting to five figure months if she hadn't niched down and didn't know who she was talking to. Now the next roadblock that a lot of people experience is no one is going to pay a premium for it. So I need to be cheap and charge low to attract clients. No, no, no. Okay. And I want to share with you some examples of people in similar fields. So you've got Elizabeth Rider. I don't know if you guys know her, but she's a health coach and a blogger. And she had just been blogging and then started her nutrition program. And she's, I think from memory, a multiple six figure business owner. All right. And she wouldn't have gotten there if she didn't niche down, if it was general. And then we've got people in really interesting niches out there, not nutrition related, but sometimes a little bit obscure as well that you wouldn't think will be successful. And then there's seven figure business owners like Denise Duffield Thomas, you know, she's really well known for helping people with their money mindset. She's got a multiple seven figure business. She's from Australia. And then we've got the manifestation babe, if you don't know her, I think her name is Catherine and she teaches people how to manifest the best life, manifest money and all these things, mindset stuff. And she has got a seven figure business. And then we've of course got Marie Kondo as well, who teaches people how to tidy up the house and declutter. Can you imagine calling yourself a tidying expert or decluttering expert? She is really well known for that. And if you look at all these people, they're well known for one specific area, one specific niche, right? So I want you to remember that. And if these people here can monetize their own skills and passion, so can you as a dietician, because the work that you do is so much more transformational. You can literally change someone's life impact to health and have lead them to better positive outcomes with the health. So I think that's pretty worthy of paying a premium price for, because you can't put a price on health, right? So I think you definitely can monetize your passion. And just an example, that's really close to home. A lot of you would know Stephanie Velakis. She's a fertility and endometriosis dietician based in Sydney. And she, by niching down over the years into fertility and endometriosis, she has been building her six figure online business. And now this year in 2020, at this time of recording, she has hit a six figure business, I think multiple six figures now, and has just hired her first employee. And she wouldn't be able to do that if she didn't niche down and decided who she wanted to serve. And she charges quite a premium amount. I've put it on the screen here for her services. And she constantly get people coming to her because she's well known for that thing, for helping people fall pregnant, for helping people get in control of their endometriosis symptoms and fall pregnant. All right. And I want you to remember at this point that you do not have to be everyone's dietician. This is your business. So you, as the boss of this business, get to choose who you want to work with and how you want to work with clients. You get to design your framework, your client experience, your business structure, everything. You get to decide. And I know it's a difficult concept to grapple if a lot of you are currently still an employee to know that you can actually go in and charge what you want and work with whoever you want, however you want, however many hours in the day. I know it's mind blowing. But I want you to remember that you do not have to cater and service everyone in your business. Okay. Right now, I want you to go ahead to the download section and get the finding your zone of genius worksheet because we're going to start brainstorming some ideas and things that you're really good at in terms of nutrition and start to work on narrowing down your niche in the next lesson. See you over there.
