---
Source Program: Accelerator Program
File Name: WEEK 4 - Using Instagram to Market & Sell.mp4
---

Hello there, welcome back to week four of the Accelerator program. Now in this week's lesson, I know a lot of you are very excited to get started. We're going to be talking all about using Instagram to market and sell your services, and I'm going to teach you how to create content that will help you to convert someone from a follower that don't even know who you are at all to saying yes to wanting to work with you. Now, before we get started, I want to address an elephant in the room. So I often get this message from a lot of people that follow me on Instagram who are not my clients, and they would start by saying something like, I know you help clients get success on Instagram, but I'm on Instagram and I've been posting for ages, but I'm still not getting any clients, and all I'm hearing is crickets. Now when someone says that to me, I'll go into their account and I'll start to see a few red flags or a few things or mistakes rather that they're making. And one thing is they're trying to be everywhere. So they're trying to be on every platform, YouTube, Facebook, Instagram, Pinterest, TikTok, everywhere. And it seems like they're applying the same strategy on every single platform, but in fact, what you need to know is that consumer behaviors are very different between different platforms. Like for example, on Instagram, people are on there to be entertained, and things that are short, sharp, and sweet are very important and helpful for connecting with your audience. Whereas on YouTube, people on there are after long form videos, they're after more complex tutorial-based information, whereas on Instagram it's different. So you need to be very aware that there's different strategies for different platform. And what I'm going to be teaching you is on how to use Instagram to market your services, because by far it's been one of the most effective social media platforms so far for me without needing to spend a dime to get clients. So it's definitely a really good way for you to get clients organically. It's also a really easy platform to sell and get clients as well. You just need to learn the how to. Now the second mistake that I see is preaching to the wrong crowd. If you don't have a specific marketing message or a target audience, you're talking to the wrong people. And when people don't engage or connect with you, you end up having a very disengaged audience. And when you post, you don't hear anything back. And what does that say to the Instagram algorithm? That these people are not interested in that person's content. And we're not going to show the account to more people because it seems like they're not providing anything of value that people can connect with. And that can hurt your algorithm as well. And that's why I say it's really important to be very clear of who you're speaking to. So you're drawing in a crowd of people who are relevant to your niche and they will start to engage and that will help you to grow your audience much quicker that way. And of course, not having a solid marketing strategy can also be a big problem. Some people don't even know how to sell. And so they just post and post and post with no call to action. So no one really knows what they're selling or how they can help. So these are some of the problems that we see. And that is why I want to start by focusing on having a very solid client attraction strategy first up. I'm going to go into the Instagram tutorial and set up in the next lesson. And in this lesson here, I want to give you a broad overview of what it would look like for your marketing funnel and how Instagram fits into the picture. Because I want you to get started by seeing the big picture in mind. All right. Now with the client attraction strategy, there's three parts to it. Part number one is attract. You need to draw in the crowd, the right crowd first. And the second part is nurture. So once you draw in the right crowd of people into your audience, you need to nurture them. You need to massage the ideas into them that they need help. You need to help them to understand and see that you're the best person to help them. And then the next part of it is convert. So it goes something like attract, nurture, and convert. So what does it look like for the attraction phase? Now phase number one in terms of attraction, there's many different platforms out there like I've mentioned earlier. So Instagram is the key one that I'm going to be teaching you on, but there's so many other platforms. And then of course, you can also use a lead magnet, aka a freebie, to attract more people into your world. You give them something in exchange for the email address so you can stay connected with them. And I'm going to talk about lead magnets a little bit more much later in this program because it's certainly something that's really important as part of your client attraction strategy, but you don't need it to get started. Okay? All right. And the next part of attraction is your website. Of course, when someone searches on Google, they will find your website and come across your content and what you do. And there's podcasts and Facebook ads as well. And as you can see, there's so many different avenues of the attraction funnel, but I want you to really just focus yourself and all your attention on growing your Instagram account right now as your attraction strategy. Like I said, it's the easiest and quickest way for you to get clients. And all the other things will fall into place once you've built a solid foundation on Instagram, and then you'll be able to build on top of it and use more complex strategies, especially when it comes to ads. You don't want to do ads if you don't have a good social media account because people are going to come into your account and see that you don't really know what you're doing or there's no clear connection point, then your ads are not going to convert. Okay? So that's one of the reasons why I want you to start right on top, get your Instagram going. And the next part of it is nurturing. So this is where you nurture and build that deeper relationship with your audience. So how you do it is by providing good, valuable content and showing people that you do know what you're talking about, that you do care about them, and you're genuinely there to help them get better. And of course, you can also direct message people as well. I do teach this, not in a salesy way. You're not going to bombard all your new followers with DMs to try and sell to them straight away. So I'm going to teach you a strategy in this week's lesson on how to do it in a genuine, but yet caring way. Okay? And then the next part of it is looking at email marketing, running blogs, running Facebook groups, and also doing video trainings to record to. Now the next part of this funnel is looking at your nurture face. Now when it comes to nurturing your audience, we're talking about building that deeper relationship with your audience. So you start to build trust and rapport. So they see you as someone who's genuine, you're approachable, you're credible, and they can start to break down those barriers on the internet and trust you as a health professional. Now you do that by first up providing value. So you create valuable content to help your audience that they know that you're someone who's genuinely good at what you do. And of course, the second part of it, which I'm going to teach you about in this week's lesson is direct messaging. Now I know a lot of people have got very negative connotations with direct messaging. It can be spammy and salesy, but I'm going to teach you how to do it in a way that's genuine, but yet it will still help you to also lead them on to the next part of your funnel. All right? And then the more advanced strategies associated with the nurture process is email marketing, writing blogs, and using that to drive traffic. And then you've got Facebook groups and video training. Now these are more complex strategies, and I really don't need you to worry about them. Just know that they exist. And the third part of your funnel is the convert and sell. That's where you start to convert people who are warmer leads into your clients. And as you can see on this funnel, you start off right on the top with a very broad part of this funnel, and it starts to narrow down. So what I'm trying to show to you is, for example, you may get 300 people come through your Instagram account, but you know, as people dribble through your funnel, you may only end up with 10 to 20 people that are going to be suitable clients for you. And that's when you can convert them into actual clients. So you do that through a few ways. The easiest way is through a discovery call, because that's the quickest way for you, again, to build that trust and rapport with that person and convert them into a client. And of course, there's more strategies like having a direct call to action to your sales page. So CTA stands for call to action on your sales page or on your Instagram that they click on to go straight to buy from you. And now that doesn't work if you only have a very small audience in the beginning. You do need some time to build that trust and credibility with your audience before that can happen. And then following on from that, you've got the webinar launches, live launches, and workshops. And again, these are more advanced strategies, which is what we teach our students in the next part of this program and momentum or the mastermind. And before I finish this video, I just want to quickly talk about five deadly mistakes or sins that you need to avoid while being on Instagram and using it as a tool for you to market and sell yourself. The first thing that you need to avoid is to treat Instagram like a hobby. Of course, I know that we're on social media for social reasons. You want to use it to connect with your friends and family, to follow accounts that you like. But this is going to be your business account. So I don't want you to treat it as an occasional hobby that you attend to when you have time. It needs to become a core part of your business activities. And the second thing that you need to avoid is to treat Instagram like a pitch fest. You don't want to be on there just to bombard people with sales messages day in, day out. You need to build a genuine relationship with people. And the third part of it is do not buy bots or buy your followers because you're going to end up with a very disengaged following. Yes, it might look large, but if you're following is not engaged, again, Instagram is not going to like that. And it's going to be more and more and more expensive for you to buy followers in the future. So you're just going around that cycle because no one's going to become a client if they're bought followers. Number four is not replying to DMs or comments, right? We know that the algorithm loves it when there's a lot of activity happening, especially in the comment section when people comment and you respond and you comment. And that shows the algorithm that this is a really good conversation happening here. It seems like this post is really good. People are loving it. I'm going to show it to more people, right? So you need to build that trust and establish that relationship with your audience. So the algorithm will also recognize that as well. And number five is spamming people with DMs. Now, I did talk about using DM as a strategy in this program, but we're going to use it in a very authentic and genuine way. All right. So that's all for this lesson, giving you that quick overview on your client attraction strategy. In the next video, I'm going to take you through how to set up your Instagram account from scratch, especially if you're a newbie to this. I'll see you over in the next lesson.
