---
Source Program: Accelerator Program
File Name: WEEK 2 - Bringing Your Brand to Life.mp4
---

All right, welcome to this last and final lesson for this week where we're going to be talking about bringing your brand to life. Now it is really exciting because in this lesson here, we're going to pull together all the work that you've been doing over the last two weeks and putting that together into your whole branding. And by completing the work in this lesson, it would mean that you've hit your milestone for phase one, which is to clarify your branding. And then next week, we're going to move deeper into getting your business set up, all the practicality stuff. So let's get into this lesson here. Now when it comes to branding, a lot of people would immediately start thinking about what's in that little circle on this slide, which is things like your logo, your brand colors, your fonts, your business name, and your website. And they get so focused on doing this that they forget about all the other important parts that is required when it comes to your branding. And this is one thing that I want to caution you against, that you don't spend all your time pulling out your hair and stressing about what colors to pick and refining your logo for so many times, right? This is not the core part. The core part is all the things that are on the outside that makes up your branding, because your branding is not just a logo. It's how you want people to perceive your brand, how you want them to make them to feel about your branding. And it's things like your competitive edge, what makes you different to your competitors. Now you would have done this work in the last week's lesson, and then you experience any qualifications, you know, what you've done that makes you up, who you are and what you're doing today, and your deep wine that motivates you to do what you do. And of course, your ideal client and your marketing message, that's also an important part of your branding. And what we're going to dig deeper into in this lesson here is working out what your brand vision is and your brand mission. So you're going to be doing this work and also coming up with your brand values on the worksheet that's associated with this lesson. Once you've done that, then you're going to work on your brand story. So your story of why you're doing what you're doing. And it's such a big part of this because people connect with stories to connect with who you are and the person behind the brand, they don't just connect with the logos. So we're going to work on your brand story in the next slide. And then your framework is what we're going to be working on in week six of this program. So I don't expect you to have all of this done in today's lesson, but it's a work in progress where you're going to refine and build on your processes as you go. And your framework is essentially your unique method that you do to help someone get from point A to point B. That's your step-by-step framework. And you're going to discover this as you work with more clients, you're going to refine your processes. Now what I want you to think about right now is your brand story. Like I said, people connect with people, people connect with stories, and stories sell. Brand logos, websites, they don't sell. People connect with stories, right? So what I want you to think about right here, and you're going to be writing this down on your worksheet as well, is what motivated, what drove you to do what you're doing. And remember all the work that you've been doing in last week's lesson, and in this week, I want you to pull that together into your brand story. And to give you an example, my brand story is very personal. And it actually reveals a lot about why I do what I do. And it's because I have personally been through the pains and the frustration and the discomfort of living with IBS. And that drove me to learn more about nutrition and the impact of food and what I eat and my lifestyle even on my symptoms. So the more I learned about it, the more interested I was in it. And I found relief myself. And what I'm doing now is I help more people to achieve symptom relief, because nutrition can have a massive impact on health. And that is why I'm so motivated to do what I do, because I want to help more people find relief. And that's my personal story around my IBS business. And of course, I've got a different brand story for my coaching business as well, which I won't go into, because I'm sure a lot of you would have heard about it already. But I want you to think about your brand story. Is there a personal drive or story behind it? Or if you don't have a personal story, I want you to think about this particular client that you may have worked with in the past, or someone that you came across that would have motivated you to do what you're doing today. And to give you an example, I've got a client called Christy. She's an endometriosis dietitian. Now she doesn't have endometriosis. And one of the things that we talked about very early on is why does she want to specialize in this area? What drove her to go into this area to want to help more people about that? And it went down to one particular client that she came across early on in her private practice that came to her thinking that she had IBS and wanted to do the low FODMAP diet. But the more Christy dug into it, the more she realized that this person actually had something else that was affecting her symptoms and she thought she had endometriosis. And then she referred her on to the doctor for more testing. She advocated for her and she really helped this person to come to her final diagnosis of endometriosis and help her through the phases of getting nutrition sorted and the symptoms and getting her health back on track. And she took this person from thinking that she had IBS to coming up with the endometriosis diagnosis and then helping her to find relief and getting in control of her endo gut. So it was really empowering for her to see that she actually took someone who was misdiagnosed, getting her empowered to get in control of her symptoms. So this person really drove Christy to do what she do because there's so many women out there who is walking around not knowing that they have endo. And we know how endo can impact on fertility and a few other things as well. So Christy was driven or she is still driven to help women in this area. So think about who or what inspired you to do what you're doing and then put that together into your brand story. And then once you've done that, we're going to talk about your visual branding. Yes. My nose. And Once you've done that we're gonna go into your visual branding So this is where we talk about your logo your color palette You know what colors go together that you want to use on your website later on on your social media On your handouts that you give to your clients You want to pick colors that complement each other not colors that will clash like a bright red with a bright yellow or dark brown You know, those colors do really clash because they're so strong so you want to find out what colors work together and then the fonts that you use because you want to have Consistent branding across all the stuff that you put out there and I know a lot of you are not designers So am I I'm not a designer and I don't have a massive eye for creating Beautiful looking images. So what I do is instead of spending thousands of dollars on hiring graphic designer to start with I simply created my logo and my content on Canva and Canva is a wonderful platform for people who want to DIY initially and I just basically created my first logo on Canva and then Revised it and made it look better as I evolved as a business and for some of you You know If you just really want to shortcut that and go to someone to help you create your logo You might just want to find and collect some ideas of what you like and then go to someone on a platform like Fiverr or Upwork and you can find a freelance designer at a really cheap price and that's what I did later on as well I just got someone to refine it for me and make it look better and Fiverr is a great platform for connecting with designers in that sense Or you can also purchase pre-made templates on creative market as well. I did that a lot for a lot of my Lead Magnet for my worksheets and for my fonts as well I purchased them on creative market so you can do that to start with they are very affordable Okay. Now the next thing is looking at your business name when it comes to your business name Don't stress so much about it, right? You just want to keep it simple make sure that's easy for you to pronounce and spell because you want it to be memorable You know You want it to be relatable as well and be descriptive and meaningful because you want it to relate to what you do You know have some nutrition words in there or things that relates to your niche area You also want it to grow with your business You don't want to pick something that's so specific that you can't grow with it For example, you don't want to call your business IBS dietician because what if you decide to go into another niche in the future? You could just simply call your business name your name. So my business name is Shallon Oi Private Limited and then I have specific account handles on Instagram and Facebook that relates to my niche, but it comes under my broad business name So you could do the same as well and ensure that it's not trademarked or in use by another business So you can search for it on those platforms that I talked about ASIC is an Australian based platform for Australian dieticians You could even look on Google as well to see if anyone's got that same name and also finally go on to go daddy Calm and just check if the domains available because in the next lesson for next week We're gonna go set up your email address your domain and purchase that and just have your real estate on the internet So no one claims that and like I said, if you pick your name, no one's what? There's not gonna be many people out there with the same name as yours Unless yours is really common like Jane Smith And so that's gonna be really easy for you to secure and really cheap as well. So go ahead So go ahead to the next So go ahead to the download section and get the worksheet on bring your brand to life and then get to work and bear in Mind that you're gonna spend a few weeks on this So I don't expect you to have this done this week because it's working to progress So just keep working on it over the next few weeks and get your branding together, right? So I'll see you in the next week's lesson where we're gonna be talking about Setting up the foundations for your business when it comes to your structure So go ahead to the download section and pull up the worksheet on bring your brand to life Bear in mind that I don't expect you to have this all done this week It may take you a few weeks to get your logo and everything together and that's okay in next week's lesson We're gonna be talking about the business structure stuff So we're gonna talk about what platforms to choose for your electronic health records You know what things you need practically to have set up in order for your business to run So I'm excited to see you over in next week's lesson. Take care for now So Go ahead to the worksheet section and pull up this week's worksheet called branding So go ahead to the download section and pull up this week's worksheet Bringing your brand to life and work through there and I don't expect you to have this all done this week It's gonna take a few weeks for you to get your logo and all your branding stuff together. And that's okay in next week's lesson We're gonna dive deeper into all the foundations for actually getting your business off the ground the practical stuff And there's gonna be a really long checklist for you to work through again. That's gonna take a few weeks. So I look forward So go ahead into the download section and pull up the worksheet for this lesson here on bringing your brand to life Bear in mind that I don't expect you to have this all done this week Some of the things like deciding on your logo and your brand palette and all of that can take some time and that's okay You can continue to work on it in the background as well. And in next week's lesson We're going to be talking about all the practical stuff on getting your business off the ground So I look forward and seeing you at next week's lesson So go ahead now and go into the download section and pull up this lessons worksheet on bringing your brand to life Now I don't expect you to have all of the components of this lesson completed this week It's gonna take a few weeks to get some things done and decided especially when it comes to your logo and branding palette But I just don't want you to spend so much time on it, right? So work on that in the background and next week We're gonna talk about all the practicalities on getting your business off the ground So that's really exciting as well. So I can't wait to see you over in next week's lesson. Bye for now
