---
Source Program: Accelerator Program
File Name: WEEK 1 - 3 Mistakes to Avoid When Niching.mp4
---

Hello there. In this lesson here, we're going to talk about the three common mistakes that I want you to avoid when it comes to niching. Now these are three really common themes, recurring themes that I see over and over again in dieticians and nutritionists, even health professionals when it comes to niching. So I want you to get to know these really well so you don't make the same mistakes I've made in the past or seen a lot of other people make. So mistake number one is being too broad and not being willing or brave enough to narrow down on your niche. So because I work with a lot of dieticians in the women's health field, so a lot of them, when I see them starting, this is before I work with them, right? They come to me saying, I'm a women's health dietician. And then I look at the Instagram account, I look at the content, I look at the business And no wonder they're not growing because they're not being able to attract the right people. And when I talk to them, what I uncover is that they're too afraid to niche down and say, I only work with women with endometriosis or PCOS or weight loss or IBS because I don't want to miss, to say no to people. And I don't want to limit my income. And I know that I can help all of them. But what will end up happening is that they end up helping no one because people don't know what they do and they're not specific enough. And imagine for myself, if I am a woman who struggled with infertility and I come to your account and I see you talking about, say you're a women's health dietician, and I see you talking about PCOS, endo, pregnancy nutrition, breastfeeding nutrition, all these things, that's not directly related to what I'm looking for. It's not going to capture my attention. So what's going to happen is then I'm going to swipe away and go to the next account. So it can make a huge difference when you actually niche down and be really specific about who you help because you get to connect with that person almost instantly and build that connection. So instead of saying, I'm a women's health dietician, I want you to switch that and get even more focused and said, I work with women who struggle with unexplained infertility and help them prepare for IVF. So can you imagine women who are looking for help with IVF and they come to your account and you say, that's what you do. Can you imagine what's going to happen? They're going to straight away say, yep, this is exactly what I'm looking for. I'm going to click on her link or bio, I'm going to read through her content and learn more about it. And instantly they are connected and they want to learn more because they know exactly what you do. So that's really powerful when you narrow down on your niche. Mistake number two is choosing the wrong niche for you. So I often hear and see people go into a niche because it's popular or trendy, or they think that there's a demand for it. And what I want you to remember when it comes to niching, which you would have done in the last lesson is using the PPD method to help guide you to come up with your profitable niche because it really needs to tick all the three criteria. So I really hope you spent some time in the last lesson working through and looking at all the criteria that I've put together for you in the matrix and finding one that really stands out because it really needs to be something that you're passionate about. You love talking about it, you love reading about it, and you would spend all day doing what you can, just getting engrossed into the subject. It needs to be profitable as well, because if a business is not profitable, it's just a really expensive hobby. So you want to make sure that it helps you to grow your business, to grow it, and you get enough revenue to help support the lifestyle that you want. And the third part is making sure there's enough demand for it. So all of that combined together is your sweet spot, which is your niche. And you need to make sure that it ticks all three boxes. And then the third mistake that a lot of people make is getting stuck in the market research phase and not progressing forward. Now in the next lesson that you're going to go into, I'm going to teach you how to find your competitive edge. And by doing that, we're going to do some market research. We're going to see where the gaps in market are, you're going to look at what's out there and what your ideal client is struggling with. And what can happen, I know it because I've seen it happening enough, and what can happen is a lot of people get stuck in that research phase. So they're constantly researching, reading through forums, Facebook groups, going through the literature, finding all that information, because they want to be a perfectionist. They want to get everything done perfectly and be really comprehensive, and they don't want to be caught out of fraud. So they get stuck in that research phase. And it's almost paralyzing because they don't want to move forward. They're too scared to take the next step. It's called the analysis paralysis, right? So you don't want to move forward. And that inaction can actually be procrastination in disguise, right? So you can almost be too afraid to move forward because you're fearful of failing. You're fearful of stepping up and being called fraud or being more visible in the public eye, and you almost don't want to do anything about it. So when you do feel yourself experience that, pull yourself back and look at what's happening and analyze it. Because the thing is, if you don't take that next step forward after you pick your niche and put it out there and test it, is that you're not going to know whether it's a niche for you, whether you like it, whether or not it's going to work. So you want to put it out there and test it. Remember the cycle that we talked about? You want to review the feedback, review what you're doing, see if it's working, and then work on improving it and then keep testing it again. And that cycle will be ongoing until you get to a perfect service offering, perfect business program, and all of that. So that's it for this lesson here. I wanted to quickly cover this before you go into the market research phase because this is a really important part, again, part of your mindset and making sure that you're taking the right step forward. So I'll see you over in the next lesson.
