---
Source Program: Accelerator Program
File Name: WEEK 4 - Setting Up Your Instagram.mp4
---

Welcome back. So in this lesson here, I'm going to take you through a step-by-step guide on how to set up your Instagram account. First and foremost, Instagram is going to ask you, what type account do you want to set up? Now, there's three different types of accounts. So there's Instagram personal, there's business, and there's a creator account as well. And what I would highly recommend you set yourself up for is the business account. Because by doing that, you'll be able to access the analytics and also be able to run ads to your Instagram and Facebook account in the future. So we'll just set it up as a business account right now so you can access the analytics. And once you've done that, I would love for you to go over to Facebook and set up a Facebook business page. Now, you don't have to do too much to it right now, except just to set up the name. So keep it the same as your Instagram handle and just leave it as that. You can put in a profile banner and a picture and have some basic information set up. What we're going to do in next week's lesson is to teach you how to schedule your content. And we're going to use a platform called Later or Plannerly, and it's going to ask you to link up your Facebook business page in order for you to schedule your content. I'm going to get you to do it right now so we don't have to panic when we get to next week. And then once you've done that, there is a specific function or feature that Instagram and Facebook has released, and it's called Facebook Business Suite. And basically it's owned by Facebook. It allows your Instagram and Facebook business account to be in one platform essentially. So it enables you to reply to DMs from your Facebook and Instagram on the business suite. You can also look at your post performance. So an example here is on this slide, you can see all your posts there. It tells you where it's coming from, Instagram or Facebook. And then it will tell you the likes, the reach, the engagement level, and all of that. And that can all be easily viewed on the desktop. And what I normally do is I will check DMs and look at my post performance on the business suite because it gives me a really good overview. And you can also access this feature on the mobile as well, but I recommend you get it set up on your desktop first. Now when it comes to Instagram profile setup, there's seven things that you need to do and be aware of. So I will quickly give you an overview and in the next few slides, I'll go into further detail about what you need to set up in each one. So we'll be looking at your Instagram handle. So that's the handle name right there on top is the at IBS dietician. And that's a handle that you own and it's unique to you. And then you've got your account name. So that's the one on top here. And then you've got your profile picture, that one there and the category, which is nutritionist for mine. And then you've got bio, the link in bio, which is that link over there. And then the story highlights right at the bottom. And I'm using my IBS account as an example, because it's way more established than my coaching accounts. I can show you lots of examples. Now the first two things that I need you to decide on before you go and set up the rest is your Instagram account handle and the account name. So the handle, like I said, it's the one right on top there. And the name field is where most people will put in their full name. Now what you need to know is that your account handle and your account name are both searchable. So I want you to treat it like SEO on Google, where it's keywords that people are searching for. And it will be great if you can keep it niche specific. So as you can see my one on there, me being an IBS dietician, my account name is IBS dietician. So when someone's searching IBS, my account is more likely to rank and come up higher on the search. And that's the same for my account name as well, because I know my audience is going to be searching for either IBS or FODMAP. So I've put them both in both places, so it just enables me to come up higher in searches. And I want you to keep it simple. A lot of people crack their brains and spend ages on coming up with their names. I just want you to keep it simple and make sure that it's easy for someone to search for and it doesn't have complicated words or symbols on it. So I'm going to go through some examples with you right now. With the Instagram handle, let's say if you're a PCOS dietician, you could go down many variations of that word. So you could have PCOS dietician in one word. You could separate that with a dot in between. You could have a underscore at the end as well. Now I highly recommend you don't have your underscore at the front. You could put it in the middle or put it at the end because that will be best and easier for someone to search. And the reason why I suggest not putting the underscore at the front is because it's going to really affect your searchability, because no one's going to type the underscore in first before they type PCOS, right? It's the same as people who call themselves DPCOS dietician, because people are not going to search D first, T-H-E, they're going to search PCOS first. So that's something really important to bear in mind. And then you could shorten it to PCOS diet or PCOS nutritionist. And then when it comes to account handle name, like I said, that's where most people will put in the full name, but you know what? A lot of us are not celebrities, okay? So no one's going to search our full name unless you're Kim Kardashian, for example, then someone would know who you are. So what I would recommend is, again, using keywords that your ideal clients are searching for. And you can, of course, put your name in there, but perhaps just your first name so people know who you are. So you could call it PCOS nutrition, separate that with a line there, and then Jane, your first name. If you're someone who specializes in fertility and IVF, you could say fertility and IVF nutrition. Or if you're a weight loss dietician, you could call yourself weight loss coach or weight loss dietician or fussy eating dietician. Now bear in mind, these two fields are limited to 30 characters each. So Instagram is going to tell you if it's too long and you need to adjust it. And there's one really important note to bear in mind is that you can only change your account handle name once. And then once you change it, you've got to wait 14 days again before you can change it to something else. And the same thing with your account name. Once you change it, you've got to wait 14 days. So I want you guys to be very sure of what you want to use before you go and create your account. So I recommend that you put in your suggestions and brainstorm, come up with ideas and the final conclusion on the Facebook group. And we're more than happy to help you if you are stuck. Now the next part of your setup is your profile picture, really, really important because your profile photo is going to show someone who you are and help them to connect with you straight away. Or if you have a really bland profile photo, someone's not going to even want to click on it. Now the first advice I have for you with your profile photo is to make sure that it's not a logo unless your brand is really established like Nike and someone recognize it straight away. So a lot of us are mostly going to be building a personal brand, so we're going to be the face of the business. And that's why I highly recommend that we use your face and it looks somewhat professional as well. And the thing that are going to catch people's eye and entice them to go click on it is your profile photo if it pops and stands out at them. So a very first example here is this lady here, fast forward Amy, and her profile photo is really bright. She's got bright yellow clothing on and we can see her face close up and she's smiling. And that's one of the first things that would entice me to go click on a profile. Now the second person's photo, her face and her body is much more distant. So it's harder as you can see Instagram on the mobile, it's quite small, so it's a lot harder for someone to see it from a distance. So I would actually have recommended that you zoom in further so we can see your face. So the third person's example here, it's a really good one. And then the clinic dietitian, she's got bright yellow clothing on. So that's brilliant. And the next part of your profile setup is looking at the category. Now most of us here were dietitians or nutritionists, so there's not many options. Instagram doesn't have a category called dietitian, so I recommend that we choose the nutritionist profile. If you are in the fitness industry or you're a personal trainer doing this program, I recommend that you use fitness trainer or personal coach as the category. It's really straightforward, there's not many options available. The next part, which is a really important part of your Instagram profile setup is your bio. Now your bio is limited to 150 characters, so you need to be really strategic about what you pick. And your bio is this middle section here of your profile. It's like the sandwich, the meaty part, the most important part of the sandwich. Now we break it down into four category. The first part of your bio should reflect who you are, who you help, how you can help, and the last part of it is your call to action. So what do you want them to do as a result of following you or looking at your profile? And I highly recommend you keep your bio short, sharp, sweet, and simple. And you want to make it really easy for someone to read as well. So what I recommend is using emojis at the front, just like what I've done here, to break it down so it's easy for someone to read. So looking at my profile, so the first part, who I am, so I've introduced myself, Sharlyn Oi, IBS expert. The second part about who I help is I help people take control of IBS, SIBO, constipation, and bloating. And notice how I have hashtags included as part of my bio as well. And I use it quite strategically because I know that bios are searchable. So you can include relevant hashtags that your ideal audience will be searching for, or you can also include a branded hashtag. So I'm going to talk about hashtags a little bit further next week, but essentially a branded hashtag is something that people would identify your brand with. So one of my programs is called IBS2Freedom. So I used to have a branded hashtag in there that says IBS2Freedom. So when people click on it, they're going to go to all my posts with the hashtag IBS2Freedom. So it's essentially like your little collection of album. And then you can of course also direct people to another account that you own as well, but most of you wouldn't need to do that, so don't worry about it. And the next part is your call to action. So that call to action needs to be really specific, like for example, sign up for my webinar or click here to book a call with me, something like that. So in the next part, I'm going to talk about your link in bio. I know you're going to ask, what can you put in there? Multiple things. You can put a link to your discovery call or your application form or to a freebie or lead magnet that you would offer to people for free in exchange for the email address. And I'm certainly going to go deeper into lead magnets much further down in this program because it's a little bit more advanced for you right now, I just want you to get started. You could also add in a link to your waitlist to work with you or to a blog article that you've written or even to a Facebook group that you run. Now Instagram only allows you to put in one link, so it's a very precious link and it's in section when you set up your profile, it's called website address. Now that link is very specific. You need to be very strategic about how you use it. I recommend that you don't put in a general website link. So don't go to www.ibsdietitian.com for example, which is a website. You want to direct people to specific places because if you just send them to your website homepage, guess what's going to happen? You're going to go click on multiple links, get all lost in your website and they forget what they're there to do, especially if you tell them to go apply to work with you, they might end up reading about you and then clicking away from it and not take the action that you want them to take. Now because Instagram only allows you to use one link in there, we need to use it carefully. Now in the beginning stage, most of you wouldn't have multiple links, you only have one link to start with and that is to your bookings link or your application form link. So you can put that direct link in your link in bio. Depending on what platform you use, your link that you copy across from your bookings website could be really long and it would be really messy if you put it all in there in your bio. So what you can do is go to this website called Bitly, so B-I-T-L-Y, and that's a really cool website that shortens links for you. So this is an example of how it would look like. So actually it wouldn't have this part, it would just come in bitly.ly and all these part. So that's a really short and simple way to use it, but as you grow your business and you get more advanced, you have more things to offer your audience. And that's when you go on and use something called Linktree or Tapbio. Now they're the same thing, just two different options. So you've got to pick what works for you best. So they both have a free option and a paid version as well. So I personally started with Linktree and that's what one of my clients have done, Chelsea from IBS Underscore Dietitian. And you can see on here she's got multiple links, links to apply to work with her, her freebie to beat the bloat, a blog article that she's written, her meal plan that she's selling on her website in a different code. So that allows you to put different links in there. And as you can see, it's really basic and simple, and that works really well for someone who's starting out. And that's the link it will look like where you'll be putting that into your profile. Now if you want it to look a little bit more customized, that's when I'll get you to look at Tapbio. So I personally use Tapbio for multitude of reasons. I actually integrate Tapbio with my Facebook pixel. So it allows me to track people who click on my link in my bio on Instagram. They will also get targeted on my Facebook ads on Facebook, right? So it's a little bit more complex, but on the free tier of Tapbio, it does exactly the same things that you would see on Linktree, except allows you to customize your background. So it does look a little bit nicer, and I personally prefer it more. That's the link that will look like on the bottom. Now the last part of this is looking at your story highlights. So that's the little circles that you see right at the bottom. Now your story highlights is essentially a collection of your Instagram stories that you've done in the past. So we know that your stories only stays on your page for 24 hours. And after that, they then go into your archive folder, and you can find them by clicking on this little sandwich or hamburger lines on there on the top right. And that will show you your stories that you did in the past. Now you can go find the ones that are most popular or most relevant for your audience, and then save it in the story highlight category. So you get to pick what you want to call them. So I recommend having one that says tips for PCOS tips or PCOS tips, recipes, your program about me, FAQ and testimonials. So you can have those highlights set out now. You can create those covers using Canva. And then as you create your stories, as you're setting things up, you have more stories that you've done, go collect them in those different categories that I've suggested. So about six categories would be more than enough. You could have around four or six. That's absolutely fine. It's almost like a little collection of albums of things that people can binge watch on when they come to your website or to your Instagram account. So it's like the different tabs on your website. Super cool. Right? I'll definitely make sure that these covers are consistent and reflects your branding. All right. So now we've talked about the seven different parts of your Instagram profile that you need to set up. So now it's time to get to doing, so go and set up your Instagram profile following the seven different steps I talked about. Make sure you go set up your Facebook business page and the Facebook business suite as well. And once you've done that, I'll see you in the next lesson where we're going to be talking about content creation. I'll see you then.
