---
Source Program: Accelerator Program
File Name: WEEK 8.2.2 - Mastering Sales Calls.mp4
---

All right, the next question that you might have is, what do I do on a sales call? What do I ask and what do I say? How do I run it? So I've got you covered here with my 10 step discovery call guide, and you're going to be able to find a copy of this in the download section on this video. And what I'm going to do is I'm going to break it down with you step by step now and talk about how to run your sales call. First up, now it's really important that, and I highly, highly recommend that you run your sales call as a video call instead of a phone call. I really value being able to see the other person on the other side, so you can read the expressions, you can understand where the call is going and be able to identify any potential resistance just by reading their face. And that's why I recommend you doing it via Zoom or any other kind of video conferencing platform. The first thing that you're going to do when you get on the call is to break the ice, make them feel comfortable. It's easy for us to sometimes forget that a lot of people may not have used Zoom or video calls in the past, so they might feel really uncomfortable. So the first thing is really just get on the phone, Hey Jane, so good to see you. How's your day been? Just ask them how's the day been and try and build some rapport and make them feel comfortable. And then the second step is to set the agenda for the call. And this is really, really important. What you want to do is to take control of the call right from the get go. Set the scene, help them to understand how the call is going to flow, what's going to happen. So typically what I would say is, Hey Jane, thank you so much for jumping on the call today. I really appreciate you and your interest in my program. What I would love to do is to take this opportunity to get to know you. What challenges you're facing, how is it affecting you? And then we can chat about how I can best help you through any of my programs. Towards the end of the call, I'm going to offer my program and talk about how I can best support you. If this is a good time for you to move ahead with that, are you okay for us to get started now? Now, if someone is clearly in a very busy environment where there's a lot of noise and things like that, I would ask them to perhaps move to somewhere where they get more privacy so we can focus on chatting on the call. I would say to set around 20 minutes for this call, so you're kind of guiding them right from the beginning so they know what to expect. Now the third part and the fourth part, they kind of go hand in hand together. So what you're going to do is you're going to start to uncover some of the biggest frustrations or AKA their pain points. So you want to start asking them to verbalize where are they getting stuck at? What problems are they facing? And then once you ask them that, and they start to verbalize how it's impacting them, and then you want to kind of lead them into the cost of the problem. So the cost of the problem, essentially, how is it affecting their daily life? How is it making them feel? What problems is it creating and exploring the internal and external struggle? This part is so important because sometimes people would be experiencing those problems. Let's say IBS and gut issues for a long time, they've never really stopped to think about it. So when you ask them, they start to verbalize it and through that, they'll be able to hear the problem a lot bigger. Do you know what I mean? They will be able to once you verbalize it to really understand how is it affecting them and see it in a slightly different light. And then from there on, I'll let it flow into what have they tried in the past. The conversation just goes really smoothly and you want to be able to master that and let it flow. So it becomes very conversational instead of you reading through a script and pausing and things like that. It just feels really awkward. So what I would ask them is, okay, great. Thanks for sharing that. Can you let me know what have you tried in the past? You know, I would love to hear what were the outcomes. You know, I noticed that you mentioned you had this sort of supplements in the past. I'm curious, has it helped you? Can you let me know what were the outcomes from that? And then they're going to start to verbalize what have they tried in the past, why has it failed and why they need to do something different. And then that will lead on to asking them, why now, why did you decide to apply to work with me now? Okay, that creates some sort of urgency and bring them back to the present. And then what you're going to do is then take them onto a slightly different journey and help them see to the future. So what you're going to ask them is, I would love to hear, you know, what are the goals that you're hoping to achieve through working with me? What would a life without gut issues look like for you? Because what they're doing here is you're casting the vision and helping them to see the opportunities and the possibilities. And that's really, really important because you want to help them see that there's hope in this, right? And then once you've done that, I would summarize what they've said, kind of rephrase, paraphrase that and, or even say it back to them in their own words as well to make sure that you've understood that correctly. So I would say something like, great, Jane, thanks so much for sharing that with me. Essentially what I'm hearing is that you're really struggling with gut issues and it's affecting your ability to go to work and you're finding yourself taking a lot of sick leave. You know, you're finding that that's affecting your social life and it's keeping you at home. You feel really fearful of going out because you don't know when the next accident might happen. And I totally understand where you're coming from. These are some of the really common problems that my clients I work with experience. And that's why I would really love to help you. And this is where you transition to your offer. If they're a good fit. If they're not a good fit, you're going to say it back to them, right? And let them know that they're not a good fit for your program. But if they are, that's when I'm going to transition very smoothly and notice how I link up their problems to my solution very smoothly. So it feels comfortable and easy, right? So I'm going to say, yeah, so with all these problems that you experiencing, I really love to help you. And my IBS to Freedom program, I think will be a really good fit for you because of X, Y, and Z you mentioned. And I would love to help you in the six months that we work together, find relief from IBS, identify what your specific triggers are so you can get long-term relief without having to worry about, you know, different changes, situations, and not knowing at all. And what I would really help you to achieve is to find that freedom with food so you don't have to have that fear. So when it comes to eating and meal times, you feel really comfortable. See, this is kind of where I'm recapping the goals and visions and sort of solutions that they want. Okay. And then this is the point where I'm going to ask them if it's okay for me to start talking about my program. So this is how I would say, all right, great. Would you mind if I share with you the specific details about the program and how it can help you? So then they will say yes. And that's when they wouldn't say no, they would say yes. And then that's when you're going to start talking about your program and bring up your investment outline. So this is the program investment outline, which you would have created in the last few weeks and hopefully you would have refined it by now. And what I'm doing here is I'm screen sharing my investment outline for the program and stepping them through step by step, everything that's included in my program. So they get an understanding of what they're getting in the dollar value. So you're talking about what they get and all the value of that before you talk about the price. So I would say to them, in this program, it's a six month program. You get one initial consultation, five review sessions, you get the ebook and email support so we can make sure that you get all your questions answered and you can move forward and get results. You also get support on my private Facebook group together as well. And all the value of this all up is $1,150, but I really want to help you. And that's why what I'm doing is I'm offering a discount on the upfront investment, which is $900. So you get the same $250 on today's call, or I also have the payment plan option as well, which is $330 per month for three months. And if you do decide to go ahead and sign up within the next 48 hours, I'm also going to throw in an extra quick action bonus, which includes a two weeks personalized meal plan, which I'll be creating for you so you know exactly what you need to eat. And that's valued at $250 as well. So you get to save $250 and then you get to also get an extra bonus value of $250. So that's a massive saving. How does that sound to you? So what I'm doing here is I'm outlining all the different things, giving them time to process what's included. So when it comes to dollar value, they can see clearly that they're going to be saving. So it's just a no brainer for them to go ahead. And I'm also creating urgency here in the last part where I'm talking about the quick action bonus, really, really important. You need to have a quick action bonus to encourage someone to make a decision instead of sitting on it for weeks and months. And then in the future, what if they come back to you six months later and say, Hey, I'm ready and your price has really gone up, what are you going to do? So I like to be able to get the commitment because those people who are getting on the call with you are often already almost ready to work with you. That's why they applied, right? That's why you have your application form to qualify those people who are ready and the ones who are not ready, you're going to leave them alone and they can come back when they're ready. All right. So I just want to quickly talk about the two key mistakes that I see people make. Actually, it's three key mistakes because these are very common. So the first one is they're not presenting the sale confidently. So when it gets to the pricing part, they just say, Oh, my program is $900. And then they don't know what to say. They freeze afterwards and that can feel really awkward. And that's why I pull up the investment document and outline everything. So it creates that value, that dollar value that they're getting. There's so much that they're getting in the program. And then the second one is not creating urgency for the sale. So you might say that, Oh, you know, um, yeah, so you can just let me know when you're ready to start. You should be the one in control and letting them know when you want them to get back to you. And that's why the quick action bonus is there to encourage them to not, you know, drag things on anymore and just make a decision. And then the third one is not closing the sale. So, you know, some people say, Oh, I'll just email you the information. And then you just let me know when you're ready to start again, no urgency, then you're not closing. So the sale is not going to happen. Okay. So right now I want you to go over to the download section and download the 10 step discovery call guide. I've also got an email sequence there as an example for you as well. So once you finish the call, someone says, I want to have a think about it. You're going to send them an email to summarize what you talked about with the investment document. And then if you don't hear back from them within the 48 hours, you're going to send a few more emails to kind of remind them and get them to let you know what the decision is. And that follow up is really important, right? Some people feel really uncomfortable about it, that they don't want to be pushing, but the fortune is in the follow up. That saying is so true. Some people may not even have gotten your first email, they may, you know, have had other things come up, so they have forgotten about getting back to you. And that's what the follow up is for, is to hear what the thoughts are. And if they say yes or no, then you can proceed and close that case. All right. So have fun with that. I will see you over in the next two videos where I'm going to be taking you through two mock call trainings where I've done them with my other clients in my mastermind to show you examples of how sales call runs so you can see it all come together.
