---
Source Program: Accelerator Program
File Name: WEEK 3 - Setting Up Your Online Practice.mp4
---

Hello there, welcome to week three of the accelerator program. Now this week, it's all about focusing on phase two of the program, which is build. So what we're going to be doing is building your business from the ground up. Now over the last two weeks, you spent a lot of time working out who is your ideal client, who is it that you want to work with, the niche area, and how you're going to market yourself in a niche little marketing message statement. And you've brought your brand to life by understanding what your brand colors are, your logo and your values and all of that. Now this week, we're going to be focusing on the practical stuff. So we're going to be building up your business and I'm going to run you through a few key areas that you need to think about when you're building your online practice. Like I said, there is a checklist that's associated with this lesson and that's your detail checklist. So I want you to make sure you have that handy as you're working through the building phase of this program. Okay. So with the first part, when it comes to building your business is making sure that you're registered. So there's a few things that you need to consider. Now the first part is very straightforward, making sure that you're registered in your state and your country as whatever you are. So in Australia, we call ourselves accredited practicing dieticians. So making sure you're registered as an APD or in the US or the UK, making sure you're registered as an RD, or if you're a nutritionist, making sure you're registered with a relevant board. And the second part is I would highly, highly recommend that you sign up for a professional indemnity insurance, so you're covered in case something goes wrong. Now, depending on the country that you're in, I do have recommendations of what companies to use. In Australia, I do recommend using Aon because they're slightly cheaper than the other company called Guild. That's quite common as well. So I recommend Aon and does cover you for online consultations internationally. All right. And then the next part is making sure that your business is registered in your state and you are very aware of what tech structure you're in. So when it comes to tech structure, there's multiple different types of forms. So there's so proprietorship, where you're registered to practice as yourself for your business. And then there is trust fund, there is company. And then in the US, you might be looking at LLC or a S-Corp or a company. So making sure that you're well aware of what is the best structure for you. You might need to consult with an accountant to get more advice in this regard. So just make sure that your business is registered and it is the right tech structure for you and your business. And the next part is looking at your tax file number. So in Australia, it's called TFN. You need to be registered for tax or in the US, it's the employer identification number. And then lastly, making sure that you're registered with relevant health bodies to get rebates for your clients. So in Australia, our big organization is called Medicare. So you want to make sure that you're registered as a provider with Medicare, so your clients can claim rebates for your services. So they will need to enhance primary care plan from the doctor for that. And once you're registered with Medicare, then they will automatically notify your private health funds and DVA, so you don't need to do anything there. But the next step I want you to do is to make sure that you're registered with ProDar, which is an online platform in order for you to submit Medicare claims for your clients. You can update your details and apply for additional provider locations. So that's all on the checklist. Don't worry about writing down all these names. I've got it down there for you. Or if you're in the US, making sure you're registered with the national provider identification number, and you have that ready. Now some of us would be thinking at this stage, do I want to register with insurance if you're an ARD in the US, and to be able to offer insurance for clients, so then they don't have to pay, there's no out-of-pocket, and they can claim it through the insurance company. This is entirely up to you, the way you want to set this up. Obviously, there's a lot more paperwork when it comes to registered as a provider with health insurance companies in the US. It's completely different to what it is in Australia. So make sure that you are looking at what you offer, how much paperwork you're willing to do, what your charges are, and see if you want to go through that process. Otherwise, I would suggest being private billing and offering that right from the start, and then you can go on and branch on to offering insurance if you want to do that later on. And the second part of this all is looking at your electronic health records. Because you're seeing clients online, you need to make sure that you're storing the notes and all the patient information securely. Now, when it comes to your EHR, there's a few platforms that I recommend, and this is the part where a lot of people spend so much time doing research on, and stressing over the little details about which one's the best to use. I would suggest to just pick one platform, get started, and then you can always upgrade to more expensive platforms if you want to later on. So in Australia, I'm going to go through it country by country so you know. So in Australia, I recommend Halaxy because it's free to start with. Halaxy is really basic, I would suppose. It does have an integrated video conferencing platform for you to do client calls. It is an extra cost of $49 a month, I think. So you just need to bear in mind, yes, it's free, but there's additional things that you want to be considering that you need to pay for. So I'll cover all the extra things later on. So Halaxy is a free platform to get started, I would suggest using that. Otherwise, if you have a little bit more budget, you could look at a more comprehensive platform like PowerDiary or Clinico. They're both very similar, and in terms of what is available on the platform, there's things like keeping electronic records, invoicing your clients, setting up appointments, reminders, and all of that. It's all in one platform. Again, it's got its own video conferencing platform. It's free at the moment because of COVID. I don't know how long it's going to be free for. And then the next one is looking at the US. In the US, PracticeBetter is one of the most common platforms that practitioners use. It is super comprehensive. Not only does it store client records, it also has a secure messaging where your clients can go back and forth to communicate with you. You can create appointments, invoicing on there. It's also a food log that your clients can log in, and you can review it, so it's all submitted through the platform. And of course, if you want to look at more complex stuff like running group programs and having video programs, PracticeBetter has that function, but it's the next tier up, which I think is around $69 or $89 a month. But you can basically get started at no cost with a limit of three clients, and then the next level up is $49, where you have a limit of 100 clients. So it's pretty good, very straightforward. Again, in PracticeBetter, it's one of my best recommendations if you're based in the US. And the next one is Healthy. Healthy is fairly good, very similar to PracticeBetter as well. It just depends on what you prefer to use and how it feels to you when you're using these platforms. So my best recommendation is to actually sign up for free trials of what I've recommended, and then going ahead and testing that out, putting through dummy patients, and doing mock appointments and all that to see what works best for you. All right, and the next part is scheduling appointments. Now I've talked about PracticeBetter and Healthy and how you can do appointments through it. So if you're based in the US, I recommend using that. But if you're in Australia, now our EHR do have some limitations, like for example, with Halaxy, with PowerDiary, or Clonico, you can book appointments through those platforms. But some of them have got limitations in terms of time zone conversions, because a lot of those have got an international audience. So you would want to make sure that your platform enables you to view appointments in that person's time zone. And secondly, it needs to have the ability for you to tailor the appointment confirmations and the reminders according to the type of appointments. Now PowerDiary, Halaxy, and Clonico doesn't do that very well at all. And that's why if you're based in Australia, I actually recommend for you to use Acuity for booking appointments. Now this is an extra cost, it's $15 a month, you can have as many calendars as you want in that one location for that one user. But if you want the simplest, cheapest way to get started, you can just use Halaxy. But I personally love to use Acuity, you can tailor a lot of things accordingly. So I combine Acuity with my EHR, so they merge well together. Yes, there's some manual processes involved with transferring information across to your EHR system. But it gives me the best flexibility and automation in terms of tailoring the type of appointments that go through. So I highly recommend Acuity to do that. And then what you would want to do, now this is the key of why I prefer Acuity, is that when someone books in a discovery call, for example, I want them to fill in an application form to do that. So when I get the confirmation from that person's booking, I know what they're wanting to see me for and what the goals are, and if they meet certain criteria. You don't want someone to just book it. And that's the limitation with Halaxy, Clinico and PowerDiaries, that it doesn't enable you to fill in that form when they book in. So you don't know who is coming on to the call with you, you don't know what they're all about. And that's the core reason why I use Acuity for that reason, so they can complete a form and book. And if they're not a right fit, I'll actually contact them and ask them some questions before I say no to them, or they might just need some extra time. If they are not wanting to get help now, I would then say, okay, let's get back in contact in a couple of months time when you're ready. So I'll leave it up to you to decide what works best for you. If you want the easiest and simplest to get started, like I said, you can just sign up for an EHR and use their booking links. I prefer Acuity and combining that with my EHR. And if you're in America, Practice Better and Healthy allows you to do this so you don't have to worry about that. Now in terms of client calls, I use Zoom. Zoom is free, it's super easy to get started. It's unlimited time if you're doing one-on-one calls. If you're doing group calls with more than two people on the call, then it's going to cut you off at the 40 minute mark. You can of course upgrade, so I do have the next tier up, which is still really affordable and I do a lot of group calls, so it's well worth it. Now Zoom is integrated with Healthy and Practice Better, so it's HIPAA compliant and you don't even have to worry about it. Now Zoom is also integrated with Acuity. That's the next reason why I also picked Acuity over Halaxy and all of that, because I could link up Zoom to Acuity when someone books an appointment, they will automatically get a confirmation email with the Zoom link integrated. So it sets up and generates a unique Zoom link with each appointment. So then the client would just get those links straight in the email and I don't have to do anything. All right, and the next part is communications. How do you communicate with people? How do people communicate with you? Now obviously a lot of you will be communicating with people through Instagram as a prospect, right? And then what if someone wants to take the next step, what would they do? Now I've put two optional alternative methods of communication on there. That depends on the type of practice you're running. If you're a practice with a physical location, you want to have a phone number or even a mobile number for people to contact you if they have any questions. But most of us who are online, you don't need a phone number and you don't need a fax as well. If you do want to set up a fax for practitioners or doctors to send referrals to you, I would suggest using an electronic fax. So all of that will be sent to you virtually on email. Also in Australia, I use a system called Utebox and I've linked that in the checklist for you as well. Basically all the faxes that I get is then converted to an email, sent right through to me. And if I want to send a fax, I just send it through my email. So it's super simple, it's paperless and it saves a lot of trees by doing that. Now the key thing that I want you guys to think about in terms of communication is your emails. Now a lot of people would be very tempted to go cheap and free in the beginning. So they would then go and use Gmail or Outlook or mail.com, any of those free domains. I would actually suggest not doing that because you want to present a more professional and established sort of front to people. So you don't want to have so and so at gmail.com, it just doesn't look that professional. So I'd suggest getting your own email address. Now before you get an email address, I want you to go and secure a website domain. So what that would mean is that you want to secure a web address, then you can create your email under that. For example, for me, my website domain is www.sharlanoi.com. So I have to go purchase that and I used to use GoDaddy, but I would suggest actually now using Namecheap because it's much cheaper. And then once I've done that, then I go onto G Suite and create my email address. So then I can create email addresses like sharlan at sharlanoi.com, info at sharlanoi.com, bookings at sharlanoi.com, and you can create as many email addresses you want. But first step is you've got to go create that, purchase the website domain first, and then you can go create your email addresses. Like I said, please don't use Gmail, it just doesn't look as professional. All right. And the next part is payments. A lot of people would have this question. And my first advice to you when it comes to finances and managing your revenue, income, tracking all of that is to have a separate bank account that's only reserved for your business. So all your incomes or the money that's coming in is going into your bank account, all the money that you're spending to pay for things, we call them expenses, that's all through your bank account. So it's all tracked and it's easy and you're not mixing that up with your personal income or your expenses. And then once you've done that, then you want to decide on your pricing and your offers, and then you would want to decide how you want to take payment. So in terms of your pricing, like I said, I'll recommend doing private billing. So you want to have some idea of what your hourly rate is. This is obviously not going to be the main way, the main offers, but I want you to just have a base number to start with. So for example, a really reasonable rate to start with is around $130 to $150 per hour. If you're someone who's more experienced than you want to start off with $180 to $200 per hour. Now, once you've done that, then you know, okay, these are my set pricing. I'm going to decide how I'm going to take payments from clients. In the next lesson, I'm actually going to take you through their workflow. So don't worry too much for now. I just want you to decide to set up your payment platform. So you can either do it through Stripe or Square. The pricing is very similar. It depends on where you're based. So in Australia, Stripe charges 1.75% plus 30 cents for Australian based cards. And if it's an international card, it charges 1.95% and Square is 2.2%. So it just depends on where you're based. Make sure you compare the pricing to decide what's the easiest and best for you. And you can integrate that with your EHR as well, depending on which one you're using. And then make sure you start tracking your income and expenses. Like I said, it will all come through your bank account. And for starters, you might want to use an Excel spreadsheet to help you track your income and expenses. And as you grow and become more advanced and you just don't have as much time anymore, then you can sign up for accounting software like Xero, for example, or QuickBooks, depending on where you're based. Xero is very popular in Australia. You can also use QuickBooks in the US. That's very popular too. All right, so now it's time to get your hands dirty and get to work. So go to the download section and download the checklist on setting up your online practice and start working through some of those things. It's going to definitely take you more than a week to get all of these set up. So make sure you have your expectations set up to be realistic and give yourself a bit more time. I recommend spending about two or three weeks getting your practice set up. And next week, we're going to go into other things so you can still do that in the background. So have fun with that. In the next lesson, I'm going to talk you through your client workflow from the time someone inquires to them being a client, what's the process. So I'll see you over in the next lesson.
