---
Source Program: Accelerator Program
File Name: Week 7.4 - Beta Testing Your Program.mp4
---

Alright, now that you've created your irresistible offer and packaged up your program, it's time to put your program to market and start the beta testing phase. Now, you might be asking me, why do you need to beta test your program? This is especially relevant to you if you're brand new to the profession or you have just started your private practice, so you may not have resources or the experience yet. So this is a great way for you to get beta clients in at a discounted price to start testing your program framework to create your resources on the go. And it's also a great way for you to get validation to see if you're on the right track. And this is often a really good time as well for you to decide if the amount of time or the number of sessions you allocated for your program is adequate and if you need to tweak it or not to get it to the ultimate goal program that you want to create. And during the beta testing phase, this is when people would often offer a discounted service in exchange for feedback or testimonials from their clients. So it's a great way to gather social proof and to be able to use these testimonials for years to come. And I know for those of you who are in Australia, we are not allowed to publish any testimonials, but that shouldn't stop you from collecting them. So in week 11 of this program, I'm going to run through with you the types of questions that you can ask to get feedback and testimonials from your clients. You might be thinking how much and why do you need to charge for beta clients? Now the reason why I recommend that you charge for beta clients is you're going to get much better quality type. Now you might be thinking, how do I charge? Now at this stage, you might be thinking, do you need to charge for beta clients and how much do you charge them? Now I do highly recommend that you charge during the beta testing phase because what you'll do is you'll be attracting much better quality clients. People who pay are the ones who often listen and pay attention. So when they pay attention and they're committed to the program, you're going to be able to get them much better results and hence your testimonials or feedback that you collect will be much higher quality as well. And I certainly think that once you start generating some revenue for your business, you're going to gain more confidence in marketing it and building your business that way. And although it may take you just a little bit longer to get beta clients, I think it's certainly worthwhile to help you sharpen your skills and it's going to be a motivating process to push you along to step out of your comfort zone so you can keep growing your business. Now let's talk about pricing your beta offer. Let's say ultimately for your PCOS program. Now let's talk about pricing your beta offer. So let's say you have a PCOS. All right, so let's talk about pricing your program now. All right, so let's start talking about pricing your beta offer. Let's say you have a 12-week PCOS program and your ultimate goal price that you want to charge is $995. But we know that for someone who's just getting started, it can be really hard to attract clients at that price point. So what we're going to do with your beta offer is to condense it and to offer it at a lower price. So let's say we're going to start with charging $395. Now it depends on the experience, how much you charge. So I'm not going to dictate and give you recommendations of how much to charge. It needs to be up to you and what you think is suitable. Now let's talk about pricing your beta offer. So let's say you have a 12-week PCOS program and the ultimate price that you're wanting to charge. All right, so let's talk about pricing your beta offer. So let's say the ultimate... All right, so let's talk about pricing your beta offer. So let's say you have a 12-week PCOS program and the ultimate price that you want to charge is $995. But we know that it can be a little bit tricky to get clients at that price point if you haven't really worked with anyone or you're brand new to practice. So we're going to start a little lower with your beta clients. Now I'm not going to dictate or recommend how much you charge to start with. You need to charge what you're comfortable with, but I do say that for most people, they're going to start at around half that price. Okay? So for example here, you might choose to charge your beta clients $395 to start with. So that's beta client number one, and it should be a really affordable price point to get people through the door. And then when you go up to your second beta client, and then when you go up to your second beta client, you might increase the price slightly to $495. And then as you get more and more clients, you're going to increase your price. And that's how you ultimately get up to your full program price. You can enroll as many people in your beta program as you want to help you feel comfortable, but I do suggest around three to five to get you to a point where you have enough feedback to improve your program. And this stage of beta testing is really less about generating a huge amount of revenue, but it's really more about gaining the experience, the skillset to know how you can convert people on sales calls, and also gaining testimonials as well. So if you go into this phase with a mindset, it's really about you learning more about your ideal clients and improving your program, then it's easier for you to move forward. Now you might be also thinking, if I'm offering my beta program at $395, that's a really low price point. And I don't... Now you might be thinking going to your beta program that if you're only offering it at $395, it's not really worth you spending so much time and putting in... Now you might be thinking for your pro... Now you might be thinking for your beta program, if you're only charging $395, you don't really want to be having a program that goes for five, six months. So what you can do in this situation when you test out your beta program is to offer a condensed offer. So what I mean by that is, for example, if you're using this example of my IPS program here, it goes for five months normally. So in this condensed beta offer, I might decide to only offer it for three months, which includes one initial and three review sessions each month. So they get four sessions for three months. And then because for someone who's just getting started, you may not have all the resources created and ready. So you might say to your client that they will be getting X, Y, and Z resources, which are the crucial and essential ones that they need to help them move forward in the program. And then as you create more resources and assets, you might decide, okay, I'm going to add recipes to my program offer. You can then give this to your clients as a bonus, and they're going to be delighted when they get extra things for you rather than over-promising and under-delivering. And then once your client gets to the end of the 12 weeks with you, they might say to you, okay, I want to keep working with you. How do I keep getting support? And that's when you can add in additional support elements later on so you can continue working with them. So what that might look like as maybe a monthly subscription offer, or you could offer them another package of three sessions, for example, at a discounted price. And the last bit is I want to talk to you about where you can find beta testers for your program. So if you're already on Instagram, that's great. You're creating content and trying to attract your ideal clients. So there's two ways, you can either send them direct to your LinkedIn bio and getting them to apply for your beta program, or you may say something like, I have my arm. So the last part is I want to talk to you about how, so to the last part, I want to talk to you about how you can get beta testers for your program. So if you're already on Instagram, you can start getting people to get in touch with you. So for example, you might send them to the link in your bio and say, yes, I have an upcoming. So you might be thinking. So onto the last part is where do you find these beta testers for your program? So if you're already on Instagram, that's great. You're creating content to start attracting your ideal clients, and you can send people straight to the link in your bio to apply for your beta program. Or you might say something like, I have a 12 week program coming up. If you're interested and you have PCOS, you are trying to fall pregnant, send me a DM and then you can start to prequalify them in your DM by asking them some of these screening questions to make sure they're the right fit. Or you might be already a part of some Facebook groups in your niche, and you might want to again, put it out there and say that you're getting beta testers for your program, and you're going to be offering it at 50% off or something like that, and then get people to DM you. And lastly, you could say, I'm offering a free strategy call for people with PCOS and you're trying to fall pregnant. Send me a DM and we can book in a call and then come up with some strategies to help you talk about the next steps. Or the next thing that you can try is to offer free strategy calls or Kickstarter calls. So it's like discovery calls, but you're just giving it a different name to make it sound a little bit more exciting. So these are really good for market research, especially as a way for you to connect with your ideal clients. So you could talk to them on the phone and find out what they're struggling with. So the next thing that I want to cover is where do you find these beta testers? So if you're already on Instagram, that's great because I know that you're now creating content that is relevant to your ideal clients, so you'll be attracting attention now. So what you can do then as your call to action is to send people to the link in your bio to apply for your beta program, or you might get people to send you a DM and say something like, I have a 12-week PCOS and fertility program coming up. If you're interested, send me a DM and then you can start to ask them some of those pre-qualifying questions to screen out the ones who are not committed and then jump on a call with those who seem like a good fit. And some of you might already be a part of some Facebook groups, so if you're already part of your niche specific Facebook group, again, you can put that out there and say that you're offering free strategy calls for your beta program and if someone's interested, it's going to be at 50% off and they can send you a DM to find out more. Or you might also, again, just keep it really simple and say that you're offering free strategy call or a breakthrough call or a kickstart call. It's like discovery calls, you're just naming it slightly different to make it sound really exciting and that's a great way for you to practice your discovery call skills and do some market research at the same time as well. And if someone's a good fit, then you can offer them your strategy call. So the next part is I want to talk about where you can find these beta testers for your program. Now if you're already on Instagram, that's great because I know that you're now creating content that will help you to attract your ideal clients. And what you can do is to start sending people with very clear call to action to your link in bio so they can apply for your beta program or you can say that you have an upcoming 12-week PCOS program. If you're interested to find out more, send me a DM and then you can start some conversation going in your DM, asking them some of those pre-qualifying questions to screen out the ones who are not so committed. And you may be a part of some Facebook groups that's in your niche, so you can also put it out there and say that you're looking for five beta testers and it's going to be 50% of your usual program price. If anyone's interested, they can send you a message and ask more questions. Or the other option is you could offer free strategy calls. And these are like discovery calls or sales call and you're using it as an opportunity for you to do market research, to get to know your ideal clients' pain points and if they seem like a good fit for your program, then you can offer them your beta program as well. And remember, this stage is really less about generating a huge amount of revenue, but it's really good for you to get practice, get the experience to help you build up your confidence in your business. All right, so go ahead, have some fun beta testing and I'll see you in next week's lesson. Learn English for free www.engvid.com
