---
Source Program: Accelerator Program
File Name: WEEK 5 - Tracking Your Metrics.mp4
---

Welcome back to this final lesson here for week 5, where we're talking about tracking your metrics. Now tracking your metrics is a really important part of determining how successful the content they're putting out there is, so you know what to create to move the needle forward in your business. Now when we talk about analysing your success on your posts and things like that, the first thing that comes to people's mind will be how many likes they got on a post and how many followers that they have through their account. But you need to know that your success on Instagram is not measured by the number of likes or number of followers that you have. It comes down to your ability to attract the right kind of clients, to attract people who would engage with your account, who will build that connection with you and that trust, and your ability to generate hot leads from your content and ultimately converting your followers to customers. Now I wanted to share this with you because I've certainly seen people coming to me with follower counts in the 50,000s, in the 80,000s or hundreds of thousands of followers, but they're not getting any clients from it. And it can be extremely a waste of time and disappointing as well if you're not converting anyone. And that can become a very expensive hobby for a business that's not making any money. So you need to know that your success is not measured by the number of likes or followers that you have, but you can be successful even with a small audience as long as you can convert them to a client. And when it comes to tracking your metrics, there's a few things that you need to be aware of. So I'm going to cover them one by one with you, but I want you to know that at the end of the day, the success and the metrics that you need to track comes down to the objective. So what is your objective for this post? Alright, if your objective is to get more people to go click on the link in bio, then you want to look at your website clicks. If you want people to save your post, then you're looking at the saves. So I'm going to go through them each and individually, and I'm going to use examples from my IBS account to show you. So first up, we're looking at the number of likes on this post here. So the number of likes is the love heart button. Like I said, it's not the most important metric, but it's also something good to look at as a reference. So this post attracted 2,300 likes, and you can get people to like your post by creating really good content. And you could even have call to action that says things like double tap if you like this post, or like this post if you want to see more content like this. Okay, and then the next part is your comments. So this post here attracted 223 comments because I got people, my call to action was to comment and also to save this post. So when it comes to commenting, you want your audience to put in a meaningful comment. You don't want them to just put an emoji, a thumbs up, or you know, raise your hands or a love heart. You want them to have more than three words because it will indicate to the algorithm that there is a meaningful conversation happening here, and certainly a good post to show to more people. So to get your audience to comment, you could say things like, share with me what your thoughts are on this, or let me know what kind of meals do you like to create in the evening. So when it comes to comments, you want, so for this post here, so next up is the comments button. So next up is comments. So this post here attracted 223 comments, and my call to action for this post is to comment and to save this post as well. So it certainly worked really well. And now what I need you to know is when you come to commenting, getting your audience comment, you want them to put in a meaningful comment of more than three words, and you want to encourage more conversations happening. So when it comes to comments, you want to make, so next up is the comments section. So this post here attracted 223 comments, and it's a really good outcome because my call to action for this post was to comment below and also for people to save this post. So it certainly worked. And what you need to know about comments is you don't want just people coming back with an emoji, a love heart, or a hands up. You want them to put in more in there. You want to encourage more conversations happening because that would indicate to the algorithm or to Instagram that people are having very meaningful conversations here. It seems like a really good piece of post. I can keep more people on this platform. I'm going to show you this post to more people, and that's how your post can go viral in a sense. So you want people to respond in more than three words and not yes or no as well. So encourage that. You could say things like, share with me what's your favorite way to cook with X, Y, and Z, or share with me if you can relate to this, or share with me what kind of tests you've had in the past, something along those lines that will generate a longer response. Or you could even get people to tag a friend that this would help, and so on and so forth. And the next part of this is looking at shares. So this is the number of people that have shared the post to their friends either via DM or through other means. So next up is shares. So this post here had 254 shares. So people would be sharing the post to their friends via DM or private message, and it would be posts like infographics that will attract more shares, or even memes or quotes that are funny or relatable. People will want to share that with people that they know. Or even if you have something for free, like a lead magnet, you could get people to share it with their friend that they know this would help. And next up on here is the bookmark button, which is the save button. So this is the number of times this post has been saved. And you want to encourage people to do it by saying, save this post for later, save this recipe to refer to later. And the algorithm loves if a post gets a lot of saves, because it will show that a lot of people will find this really meaningful. And next up is looking at follows. So this is another post that I've got that gained quite a lot of followers and helped me to grow. So it gained me 192 new follows. And it shows to me that this kind of content is really good for helping me gain more followers. And it gives me an insight into what kind of post is helpful for boosting if I ever want to put money towards a piece of post to grow my account. So this one's definitely done really well organically. All right. And to look at your conversion rate, this is an equation that you can use. So we want to look at the number of people that converted from this post to following me. All right, so you look at follow. So the follow was 192. And then the number of profile visits, the number of people who looked at my profile from this post, which is 903. And then you multiply that by 100. So that gives me 21.3% conversion rate, which is pretty good, in my opinion. And the other metrics that you want to look at will be website clicks. So 33 people clicked on this post, and then reach and impressions. Now, a lot of people get those confused. So in terms of reach, that's the number of unique accounts that saw your post. So 74,000 accounts saw my post. All right. And then in terms of impression is the number of times your post impression is the number of times your post has been viewed. So for example, if I came across your post once, that's considered one reach. But if I looked at your post five times, then the impression is five. All right. So hopefully that gives you more clarity. And then you've also got the number of people who saw your post through the explore page. So 47,000 people saw my post through the explore page. So that's really, really good for my account. All right. And 20,000 people from my homepage saw my post. So that's my current existing followers. And then 6,900 people saw my post through hashtags. So it just shows you if the hashtags are working. And these are some of the insights from the audience tab that you also need to look at, which is really important. So first up is looking at the location. So you want to see where most of your audience is based because it might give you insight into dual tagging your post or helping you to create content that's relevant for that audience. So the majority of my followers from my IBS account is in America. So that's about 40% followers. I think around 42 now. Next up is UK and Australia, Canada, and Spain. And then the age group of my followers is somewhere between 25 to 34. So middle range of age group. And then next thing is looking at the age group of your followers. Most people on Instagram are kind of around 18 years old to about 40 something. And for my audience, the highest number of followers is between the age group of 25 to 34. And then you can also look at the gender. So we know that most users of Instagram are female. So that makes sense to me. And then this key here, looking at your follower activity is really, really important. So you want to go through the different days and hours to look at what time your followers are most active on Instagram because you want to post your content at the peak time when your audience is on. So it gets more engagement, more visibility while your audience is on. If you posted it at let's say 12 o'clock for me, not many people are going to see my post. And so it's indicating to the algorithm that this post is taking a while to pick up. It's probably not really a good piece of content for me to show it to more people. So for me, my account here, you can see that my peak follower time is 3 a.m. So I schedule all my posts to go up at 3 a.m. So more people can see it early on and that will result in better engagement. So that's it now for the analytics section. Now you can track your metrics a few ways. So I've created a spreadsheet for you to put in your post and the algorithm. So that's it all. So that's all for now for metrics. Now you can track your analytics a few ways. You can either use a spreadsheet that I've prepared for you in this resource section here, or you can use an app like later or flick. Or if you want something for free, you can use the Facebook business suite as well, because it gives you a good overview of your post on Instagram. So that's it for now. I will talk to you next week in implementation week. There won't be any new lessons. And then the week after, we're going to dive into. What are we talking about? So that's all the information I need to share with you this week. Now you will have. So that's all the information that you need to know for metrics. Now you can track your metrics a few. Now you can track your metrics a few ways. You can use the spreadsheet that I've prepared for you in the resource section here, or if you have the paid version of later, that will show you some insights as well. Or you can use flick or even better off for free. So there's a few ways that you can track your metrics. So you can either use this free resource that I've created for you, that's a spreadsheet, or you can use paid tools like later or flick, or even better. There is Facebook business suite as well, which is a free resource that you can use to look at your post performance over a period of time. So there's no lesson for next week. It's implementation week. And I'll see you over in week seven, where we're going to talk about phase four of the program, which is convert. I'll see you then have a lovely week. Transcribed by https://otter.ai
