---
Source Program: Accelerator Program
File Name: WEEK 8.1 - Abundance Mindset.mp4
---

Hey there friends, welcome to week eight of the accelerator program. Now I'm super pumped to be bringing you this week's lesson because I'm going to be talking all about my favorite topic and that is on selling and sales calls. And to be completely honest with you, I never really enjoyed selling. I never really felt good about selling when I first started. And that's because it didn't come natural to me. It was something very different. It was very uncomfortable. And so I had to work through a lot of mindset blocks and make a lot of shifts in the way that I think and perceive money and selling. And that's how and why I'm so passionate about selling right now and teaching dieticians and nutritionists how to sell themselves better because I can see that difference once you grasp hold of the right mindset and you have... Hey there friends, welcome back to week eight of the accelerator program. Now I'm super pumped to be bringing you this week's lessons because I'm very... Hey there friends, welcome back to week eight of the accelerator program. I'm super pumped to be bringing you this week's lessons because I'm going to be sharing all about my favorite topic and that is on selling and sales calls. Now to be completely honest with you, I never really enjoyed selling in the beginning. I found it really difficult, really uncomfortable, and it would completely hurt me when someone says no to me for my program. And over the years, I had to make a lot of shifts in the way that I think and perceive money and selling. And what I really want to share with you today in this specific lesson here, it's all about adopting the abundance mindset. And I recognize that once I was able to reframe my mindset and shift that, I completely shifted the way that I sell and I became so much more comfortable and converting clients and converting someone from a prospect to clients became so much easier. Now before we go there, I want to ask you this question. What comes to your mind right away when I talk about the word selling or sales calls? And I get that a lot of people would start to think back to some of the negative experiences that they've had with selling. You may have been on sales calls in the past and people have said no to you, or you may feel really uncomfortable when you have to just start sharing about how much a program is and justify the cost and all of that. And it can feel really uncomfortable and sleazy to some of you. And I get that. Now the first step to breaking past this is to be very self-aware. And to acknowledge that all these feelings are absolutely normal. We all do feel this way as well. And once you acknowledge and recognize that, then the second part is moving past it and putting strategies in place that will help you to become better and more skillful. And it all stems from having the right mindset. Now I want to remind you that your mindset around... Hey there friends, welcome back to week eight of the accelerator program. Now I'm super excited to be bringing you this week's lessons because I'm going to be talking about my favorite topic and that is selling and sales calls. Now to be completely honest with you, selling never came easy to me in the beginning and never has because it wasn't something I was very good at and it felt really uncomfortable. And over the years I had to work through a lot of mindset blocks and reframe the way I think about money and selling before I could become successful and convert more people into clients. And the first step to this is overcoming some of the mindset blocks that I've had and adopting an abundance mindset. And that's why I really want to kick us off with this lesson here on having an abundance mindset. Now, before we go there, I want to ask you a question. So when it comes to the word selling or getting onto sales calls with people, I want you to understand and recognize what are some of the common thoughts or feelings that might come up for you because you really need to acknowledge that and understand that feelings like discomfort, having those butterflies in your tummy where you might feel a little bit icky or uncomfortable, or you can feel like you don't want to be that annoying salesperson that you might have met in the car yard before when they're trying to sell you a car and apply high pressure sales tactics. So you're connecting how you feel with some of the negative experiences that you might have had. And I know that it can be quite painful or really disheartening for some of you where you may have gotten onto sales calls in the past and have had people say no to you because you're too expensive. And so some of us can allow those negative experiences that we've had in the past affect the way that we sell and therefore it can impact on how profitable and successful you can be in your business. So what I wanted to quickly address here and help you understand is that our belief systems around money, our mindset around selling can stem from a young age, from some of the things that we may have been taught by our parents or our relatives, friends and family around selling and money. And therefore, if we don't address those deep rooted beliefs or those negative mindset that we may have cultivated over time, it can really impact on your ability to be successful because having a negative mindset and negative belief around money can impact on your way, the way for you when it comes to selling, it can affect the way that you spend and make decisions around spending or investing in your business. And that's why I really want you to work on those beliefs and mindset blocks before we go further. All right, because when you're operating from a place of scarcity, when you have that scarcity mindset, this is what it could look like. It could mean that you're telling yourself that there's not enough people out there for you to help because the space is saturated in your niche. You could be telling yourself things like my program is too expensive and so I'm really going to struggle with getting clients. It can stem from money is really hard to come by and so I need to work really hard. And so when we have that kind of mindset, we make it really hard for ourselves to earn money. We make it really hard for ourselves to get clients. And what I want you to do is reframe and shift that mindset towards an abundance mindset where you believe that there's more than enough. There's more than enough clients out there for you. There's more than enough money out there for you to make. There is an abundance and overflow. And why I want you to believe in this is because our mindset determines the outcome. So when you're operating from a place of fear, of lack and of scarcity, that will be the outcome for you. Versus switching that to having the mindset that you're going to be successful, that success is inevitable for you, that you are going to be really profitable in your online business and that you are going to be a six figure private practice owner. And I know it can sound really crazy for some of you right now where you're thinking about earning a hundred thousand a year working from home. And I know it can sound completely scary, but trust me, when you work on your mindset and you come from a place of self-trust and you know that you're going to be successful, it will happen because our mindset is going to determine the outcome. So when you believe that you're a successful six figure online practice owner, you're going to be successful. When you have the right mindset, your actions are going to follow. And so you need to believe and trust in yourself first and your mindset is going to follow. And I want you to give yourself a moment for this to really sink in because a lot of us operate from a place of strategy and we constantly need to see something before we'll believe. But if we took a step back and actually learn to believe first and learn to dream about it and believe that we're going to achieve it, the outcome will be very different. And these are some of the money mindset mentors that I've been practicing over the years that has been super useful and beneficial for me. And so I want to share that with you so you can also implement these into your daily practice. And it's things that I tell myself like, my services provide great value for my clients. And therefore, when they work with me, I'm going to save them a bunch of time. I'm going to help them instead of them having to go through all the different roadblocks and deviations. I'm going to get them straight to their goals so much quicker. So they're going to save time, they're going to save money, and they're going to save a whole lot of frustration. And I see the great value in what I deliver. And hence, the clients that I attract also see the value and the expertise I bring to the table. So these are some of the daily mindset mentors that I practice, which has been super beneficial and has really helped me in this whole process. And I want to share that with you, because I believe that it's going to benefit you as well. And it's things that I tell myself, and it helps me to start my day when I think about these mantras. And it's things like, my services provide great value for my clients. And by working with me, they're going to save a whole heap of time, of money, of tears and frustrations, because I've got the skills and the expertise to get them to their goals so much quicker, and therefore bring a lot to the table. And when they're investing with me, they're not just investing my time, they're investing in all the experiences, all the qualifications, all the years of what I've accumulated, and I bring great value to the table. And I want to attract people who are not just attracted to me because I'm the cheapest, but they're attracted to me because I am capable of getting them results. And I always believe that, that I'm capable of bringing someone results, as long as they trust me and they trust in the process, I'm going to get them there quickly as well. And that's the shift I want you to make, to have that self-confidence. Because when you exude that level of confidence, people are going to be attracted to you. Another mantra that I've really practiced that I see so important is that believing in money, knowing that money is not evil, but seeing in a way that money is a free resource and it just flows through the economy. So when a client invests to work with me at the price that I charge, they are investing in me so it can flow through my business and then I can reinvest that back into other businesses. So it doesn't mean that money falls on your lap easily, but no, it's money flows through you and you deserve all of it. You deserve all the success. And with that money, you can create more impact. You can help more people. You can donate to charitable causes. You can give money to your parents and do the things that you love, right? So money is not evil. And the last thing that I want you to believe in is that the sky is the limit when it comes to making more money. And by you taking that leap now and starting your own business, you have all the ability in the world to make more money. And so what we're teaching in this program is all the skillset and of course the mindset piece as well to help you to be super successful so you can make more money when you want to. All right. And before we go into all the practical strategies about sales calls, I want you to take some time to work on your mindset. So you can pick out some of the blocks that you may be experiencing or some of the negative experiences that you may have had with money in the past with selling. I want you to pull that all out and uncover that so you can move forward. All right. So go ahead and work on the worksheet that's in this section. And if you are finding it really hard to move past some of those blocks, let me know and we can work through it together.
