---
Source Program: Accelerator Program
File Name: WEEK 8.2.1 - Mastering Sales Calls.mp4
---

Welcome to this lesson here where we're going to be talking about mastering sales calls. Now I hope through the last lesson you were able to uncover some of the mindset blocks or potential pitfalls you might be experiencing when it comes to selling and sales calls. And what we're going to do in this lesson here is we're going to do a deep dive into what are sales calls for, how to run them. And I'm going to be sharing with you my 10-step discovery call guide as well, which is going to help you immensely when it comes to conducting your sales calls. Now before we move forward, I want to quickly clarify and get us all on the same page to help you understand what are sales calls not for. Now sales calls, it's not a time for someone to jump on a call with you just to pick your brains for free. So what that means is that you need to be very clear when you talk about it is that it's not a mini assessment, it's not a free coaching or a consult call. And certainly on the flip side, not a time for you to apply high pressure sales tactics as well, because it's going to make the other person feel very uncomfortable. What you need to also understand is that sales calls are not for anyone and everyone who books. And that's why I got you to set up a pre-qualifying questionnaire for someone who wants to get on the sales calls with you first up, so you can screen everyone who gets on the call and pre-qualify them to make sure that they are the most enthusiastic and motivated group of people who wants to work with you. Now sales calls are essentially an opportunity for you to get on the call with your potential client to get to know them. So you really get to understand where are they getting stuck at? What are the problems that they're looking for help with? And what are the goals as well, so you can decide if they're going to be a good fit for your program. I also see sales calls as a really important opportunity for me to decide if I want to be working with that person for the next six months, because the worst thing would be you get on the call with someone, they pay you two, $3,000, and then you end up finding that this person's actually really hard to work with, or they might be terribly unmotivated and it's so hard to get them to implement anything. And then it's going to end up being a really difficult and uncomfortable situation for the next six months. So I really like to get on the call first up with my prospect, whoever who wants to work with me on the more higher level, the one-on-one coaching level to really get to know them, understand where are they stuck at, and then I can present my offer or my solution to talk about how I can best support them. What I like to do on a sales call as well is I like to provide some value to make it worth the time. So I never just jump on the sales call just to tell them about my program. What I like to do is, like I mentioned, get to understand them, where are they stuck at? And then perhaps provide some insight into what's keeping them stuck. And then from there on, I'll talk about my solution for them, which will be more of an overarching view of my program roadmap. So they will still walk away with value if they end up deciding that they don't want to work with me for any reason, or if they're not a good fit, they still get to walk away learning something and understanding something. So that's what I like to do so people don't feel like they're just getting onto sales calls to be sold to. Now when it comes to naming your sales calls, of course, we're not going to call it a sales call when we are talking about it on social media, when we're selling people this opportunity to get on the call with you. So what you want to do is make it fun, make it different, so it sounds more inviting in a sense. So on this slide here, I've put down some ideas for naming your sales calls. You can, of course, come up with different fun names for it as well. And I wanted to start you with some ideas. So your sales calls, you could call it a discovery call, a strategy call, a breakthrough session. So you can add a tagline to it if you like to, like for example, a breakthrough session so you can uncover the secrets to healing your gut for good, something like that. So people understand what they're getting onto a sales call for. You could call it a kickstarter call, or perhaps you might like to call it an audit. And of course, you're not going to do an assessment, but briefly from hearing what they're saying, you could give them your insight or some ideas or suggestions. So you could perhaps call it a gut health audit call, for example, because that certainly sounds less daunting to the other person. And typically with sales calls, I often get asked how long should it go for? My suggestion is go for somewhere between 15 to 20 minutes. And of course, you're not going to just cut them off at that time. What I often like to do is I want to give myself the extra time in case we go over, then I'm not running late for any other calls. So I like to do 15 to 20 minutes with a 10 minutes buffer. So for example, you might say your sales call goes for 20 minutes, and then you'll have a 10 minute buffer on a QT or whichever scheduling software that you've got set. So you've got the extra time just in case you go over, or if you want to sign the client up on the call, then you've got the extra space to do that. If you're going on to selling a more expensive version of your program, let's say you're going towards the end of this program here, and you have got more substantial packages or value to provide, and your program is going to be more than $1,000, then I would recommend that you allocate more time for your call. So it could go somewhere between 30 to 45 minutes. And certainly if you're trying to sell something that's like, say, a really high ticket offer, $3,000 to $5,000 or more, then you'll probably want to allocate an hour for the call as well. In the download section of this lesson here, you're going to find my 10-step discovery call guide. What I'm going to do here is I'm going to quickly step you through the different process or different steps that you would take someone through when you go on a call. Now I want to make sure that you understand this is not a script, so I don't want you to follow word for word, and that's why I've broken it down into dot points instead of giving you long sentences to follow, because I want you to use these as a prompt during a call, and you would want to make sure that you cover most of it as you go through as well. I've been testing and trying this flowchart for a long time and tweaked it to make sure that it works. And of course, for some of you, depending on what niche you're in, you might want to shift certain things around, that's absolutely fine, but you want to make sure that you're allocating yourself enough time to go through all these steps. All right? So let's get into it. Now, the first step in the process is to break the ice and build rapport as well. So what you want to do is get on the call, be really friendly, make that person feel comfortable. What I like to do is I like to do my discovery calls as a video call over Zoom. Some people would say you can just do a phone call. I really like to be able to read that person and get on the video call with them so they can see my expressions and it's much easier for us to connect. And I can often see someone's really nervous or uncomfortable, I will try and make them feel comfortable and that's where I break the ice and ask them to share a little bit more about them. And then the second part is to set the agenda for the call. Now it's really important that you take control of the call. You don't want to get on the call and let them to take over the call and start talking and then you go completely off track. What I like to say is, hey, so-and-so, thank you so much for getting on this call today. Thank you for your application and I really like to use this opportunity to thank you for applying for my program. I can see from the application that you've got X, Y, and Z and I want to use this time to be able to dig deeper and understand more about the challenges that you're facing. This call is going to go for around 20 minutes, so make sure that if you're in a room with someone else, maybe try and go into a quiet room so we can really focus and chat over the next 20 minutes. And then towards the end of the call, I'm going to let you know if the program is a good fit for you and how we can work together. So that's kind of how I set the scene and kind of set the expectations so they know how long the call is going to go for. Now the third step in this process is to try and start to uncover the biggest frustrations. This is such an important part of the call. A lot of people skip through this and go straight to the sales process. What you want to do is really dig into the pain points. So if someone says, Oh, I've got, you know, I've been suffering from bloating. What I would want you to dig out is how does it impact them? How has it inconvenienced them? You know, I'm going to show you some examples through some mock call trainings in the next couple of videos to help you understand how you can apply this process. But in this step here, where you're uncovering the frustrations, you're really getting them to verbalize where are they getting stuck at, and then you're going to repeat it and reframe it and say it back to them as well to confirm that you've understood it the right way. And then once you've done it, you're going to talk about the cost of the problem. Like I said, that can tie in together with the last point where you're going to start to ask them, how is it affecting you and your daily life at the moment? I'm curious, how is that making you feel? So what you're trying to do is getting them to verbalize the problem and how is it affecting them? Because sometimes they may not even think about it until they start verbalizing it. It becomes so real, right? And then the next part is trying to understand what have they tried before? So what have you tried in the past? How did it work for you? I'm curious, you know, what were the outcomes? Were you successful in getting results? So what you're trying to do here is really get them to verbalize again, why what they've tried in the past didn't work. And then the next part is asking them, why now? Why do you want to get help now? What prompted you to reach out to me for help today? You know, were there some specific reasons? Something like that. So you just really want to get them to uncover why are they reaching out to seek help now? And then the next part is casting the vision, getting them to identify the goals and what life would be like if they can stop struggling with that particular problem, right? And then the next part is transitioning to your offer. This is where a lot of people will start to get really uncomfortable and they get stuck, but you can just do it really smoothly, okay, with ease. So you might say, okay, I understand that you mentioned that you really want to get rid of the bloating so you can start to wear the clothes that you like and you can start to feel more comfortable in your own body. You can start to go out and enjoy having a social life, enjoy meals with your friends. Thank you so much for sharing that with me. I would really, really highly recommend that. Thank you so much for sharing that with me and I really appreciate you being genuine and being so forthcoming and open with this. Would you mind if I share with you how I can help you and what my program involves? So that's where you see how I make that switch. So I relate the art problems and the vision to how I can help them. So it's very, very smooth and seamless transition. And then from there on, you're going to start to talk about your program, outline the different inclusions, and then if they say yes, invite them onto the call. Now some of you would have seen this, if hopefully you can still remember this and you have this investment outline ready, prepared. So that's just essentially an example of what I would step my clients through on a call for my program. I'm going to talk to them and explain to them what my program includes, the monetary value attached to it, what the total value is, what is the upfront investment and the payment plan option, and then what is the 48-hour action bonus. So what you're doing here is you're stepping them through your offer. So instead of saying to them, my program costs $900, if you want to sign up, let me know, you're kind of just throwing a number at them, right? So the prospect on the other side of the call wouldn't have time to process it. And so in their mind, they will be thinking, what is in that $900 program? I can just go to my doctor, get a referral, and so on and so forth, and see someone for a session for $200, for example. So what you're doing here is you're stepping them through your program and you're actually giving them time to process it as well. That's why it's really important. I like to screen share when I get to this point and show them my investment document, and then I'll email it to them afterwards as well, if they want to have some time to think about it. And the mistakes that I typically see people getting stuck at is that when they get to the offer stage, they don't know what to say, they feel really uncomfortable, and they don't present it comfortably or confidently. So what they say is, oh, my program is $900. But you know what, if it's too expensive for you, I can give you a discount, or I can maybe have a smaller package. And they straightaway go and justify it, or they might over-explain it. And what people really want when they get to that point, if you hear that silence after you've told them the price, is that they're trying to process in their mind, how does it work with the budget? Why would it cost so much? And that's why I like to step them through the outline, gives them time to process it, and then it gives me the confidence as well, because I'm going through a document that I've gone through hundreds of times. So I would come across being confident. And what you want to do is really focus on that quick action bonus there, because it gives that person, it creates the urgency for them to make a decision. So they're not taking days and weeks, and they won't come back to you six months later and want to work with you, because your price may have gone up by then. So creating that urgency is very, very crucial. So right now, you will be able to find the 10-step discovery call guide in the download section. I'm mostly going to give you a swipe up file or template as well, for you to follow up and send an email to the person once you've finished a call, and then extra emails as well that you can send out to follow up the person hasn't responded, or they're still a little bit unsure. So you can find these in the download section, and in the next two trainings, you're going to get two video recordings of me doing a mock discovery call training with my clients in the program, in the mastermind. So you'll be able to understand how it flows and how this all comes together.
