---
Source Program: Accelerator Program
File Name: Week 9.2 - 21-Day IG Growth Challenge.mp4
---

All right, so I'm going to be taking you through the 21 day Instagram challenge, so we can all start this together and finish the program on week 12. Yeah. All right, so in this lesson here, I'm going to be quickly taking through our 21 day Instagram challenge and kicking that off this week. So you can finish week 12. All right, so in this lesson here, I'm going to be quickly taking you through the 21 day Instagram growth challenge. So by the end of this program on week 12, that's All right, so welcome to this lesson here where I'm going. All right, so in this lesson here, I'm going to be taking you through the 21 day Instagram growth challenge, and I'm going to be quickly showing you through what you need to prepare yourself and set yourself up for when we kick it off later this week. And then you'll be finishing the challenge right on week 12 when we wrap up the program. So what you'll be expecting to see through this challenge is a growth of your audience of around two to 300 people in the three weeks that we do it together. Now, some people who may not be as available with their time may only be able to gain around 100 to 150 followers, but that's OK. I also have seen clients who gained around 300 followers as well. So just wanted to set you up with some expectations and know what's to come. So thank you. How do I shrink this thing? Cool. Thanks. OK, so right here, I've got. All right, so right here, I've got the 21 day Instagram growth challenge toolkit, which you will be able to find in the download section. So we'll be commencing this together later this week. And so I've put in there five tips. All right, so right here on the screen, I've got the 21 day Instagram growth challenge workbook, which you will be able to download from the download section. And I just want to quickly run through it with you so you know what to expect. So here I've got four key tips to get you started. Now, remembering that consistency is the key. And then we want to aim for quality content over quantity as well. You want to be able to develop trust and credibility with your audience and make sure that the content that you post is still really useful and you need to be able to understand and know your ideal clients. So if you've forgotten about what your client's pain points and struggles are, make sure you go back to the first two weeks where of this program where we. All right, so the next thing is getting to know your ideal client very. All right, so right here on the screen, you'll see the 21 day Instagram growth challenge workbook, which you'll be able to find in the download section of this lesson right here. And I'm going to quickly run through it with you so you know what to expect. Now, I've put on here four key tips in order for you to prepare yourself to get started. And the first one is understanding that consistency is key. So I want you to be able to prepare yourself and take the necessary actions to make this a reality and to be able to implement everything that we talked about on this 21 day challenge as well. And I want you to go in with the mentality of going all in and putting in your hardest work to make it happen so you can start see some results from it. And the second part of it is remembering that quality content trumps quantity. So put in a plan in place and make this happen. You want to make sure that the content that you put out is still available as well. So your audience will continue to benefit from that and help you to build trust and credibility. And number three is to know your ideal client really well. And I know that this is a given, but if you feel like you've kind of forgotten a little bit about your ideal client struggles or pain points, make sure you go back to week one and two of this program lessons and revisit the worksheets or the handouts that you filled out. And then the last step is to create an action plan. Having a plan in place is the most important step to succeeding. So you want to make sure that you have your content plan in place, your content pillars solidified by now, your hashtag sets. You've got that created and we're really just wrapping everything up that you've been learning over the last few weeks and putting it together into action collectively. And you want to also be very clear as well what days you're going to post and the content that you're going to post. So make sure you utilize the content planning spreadsheet that we have prepared for you in week seven of the lessons. Week four, is it week four? Week five. Okay. Sorry. And the next part is having an action plan. Now I cannot emphasize the importance of having a plan in place in order to be successful. So having an action plan for this 21 day challenge is equally important. Now at this stage, you need to have your content pillars ready to go. You need to have your hashtag set research done and ready to go. And you also want to know what days you're going to post what as well. So make sure you go back to week five of the lessons where we talk about planning your content and creating them in advance and using the spreadsheet that we've given you to create your content plan. And I've just put down here some things to think about. So I've got on this page here, the Instagram profile audit. So you might want to just quickly go through this, pop in how many followers you've got at the start and make sure you tick all the boxes as well before you proceed on this challenge and your goals are how many you want to grow. And then step number two is posting on your feed five times a week. Now I know that some of you might only be trying to post three times a week because you might have other commitments and that's completely okay as well. Again, it comes down to being very clean, very consistent, and you want to post at peak times. Now, when I talk about peak times, that's when your audience is most active on social media. So go on to your insights. So you will be able to access the insights when you have more than a hundred followers on your business account. So go and then have a look and see when your audience is most active on Instagram and scroll through the different days to see if it changes at all. And bear in mind that the times listed on there are all in Pacific Standard Time. So you'll need to convert that into your own time zone to see what time it is that you should be posting. And like I said, make sure you've got your social media content calendar in place as well to plan your posts in advance. And while you're doing this challenge, I want you to make it a point to be on Instagram every single day. You want to be able to respond to comments and DMs every single day. And the algorithms wants you to be active on there. So you don't want to post and start meaningful conversations in your DMs. And next week, we're going to talk about how you can build a deeper connection with your audience on Instagram and you'll learn what to do. And then of course, using your hashtags strategically and having three to four sets of hashtags and rotating them. And the fifth one is showing up on Instagram stories every single day, aiming for around four to eight clips in total. So there's a lot of things that you can do with your stories. You can share a tip or share about a post that you just put up and go deeper into that topic. You could use the stickers function to put questions, get your audience engaged with you and ask you questions. You can put up quizzes, you can put up polls. There's a range of things that you can do with your Instagram stories. You can also take your audience behind the scenes as well to show them what you're working on. And remember, if you're doing Instagram stories and you're talking, remember to add captions on there so people know what you're saying. Because a lot of times, I think the statistics say it's around 75% of people watch their stories on mute. All right. And the next one is engaging with accounts in your niche. So whilst you're doing this 21 day Instagram challenge, I want you to go on to engage with two brand new accounts in your niche every single day. You want to like three of the most recent posts and then leave a meaningful comment on those as well. And if you want to take this a step further, turn on the notifications for a big account of when they post. So you can go to the three little dots next to their post and click on to be notified when they post something. So then you can get on there as soon as you can and start leaving a comment. So other people who will come across their post because you're such a big account, so they get a lot of traffic and those people will see your comment on the post and then have a more chance, highly chance, and then have a higher chance of coming to your account and following you from there. And then the last and biggest step is to challenge yourself during this three weeks to go live on Instagram once a week. And you would definitely want to plan for this. So recognize that this might be a big and scary step for those of you, but go on and set yourself up for this challenge. Plan for it. Tell us about it. Tell your audience about it. Put a countdown timer so people know what time or what day you're going live. Tell them the topic and let us know as well so we can come and cheer you on. And of course, initially you might find that there might only be a few people popping on, but I can promise you the more consistent you do this, the more engagement and the more viewers you'll have of people coming on live. And what you might want to do if you're planning to go live, let's say next week, put on a countdown timer to let people know that you're going live at that time. Because remember, everyone's in different time zones, so it'll make it easier for them to get a reminder from Instagram when you go live. And then also put up a question sticker and ask them if they have any questions along this particular topic. And remember, you've got to make it easy for them to engage and put in a response. So try and keep your questions specific rather than broad. And then with those questions, you can go in and talk about it, or you might have a pre-planned topic that you want to talk about. Or the third option is get someone to go live with you so you don't have to talk to yourself. There's so many different ways to do this. And so I've got all these for you to set yourself up. And then I've also pop on that 30 ideas as well of what you can pop on your Instagram posts, on your feed, or even on your stories or on your IGTV as well. So use that to help inspire you. All right. So that's it for the Instagram challenge. And I promise you, if you go all in on this, you're going to start to see some amazing growth on your account and to be able to gain confidence in taking this bigger and further as well. So good luck. And I can't wait to see you getting started on this 21 day challenge and make sure you tag me and let me know as well. Talk soon in next week's lesson.
