---
Source Program: Accelerator Program
File Name: WEEK 2 - Defining Your ICA.mp4
---

Hello there, welcome to week two of the Accelerator program. If I haven't told you already, I'm super excited that you're here and I hope that you had lots of fun last week working out what your passion area is, your interests, and coming up with your niche area. Now this week, we're going to go into nitty gritty details and talking about your ideal client avatar. And it's a really important part of your branding because what you want to do is to understand your ideal client really well so you can build that next level connection with them. And once you're done with this, we're going to move on to talk about your marketing message and that's how you convey what you do to someone that you meet. And then the last part of this week's lesson is to pull everything that you've done together and coming up with your overall branding and bringing that to life. So that will be fun when we get that. But right now, we're going to dive into the foundation piece of your work that you do and working out who your ideal client is. And what I want to quickly bring up is a really famous quote by Meredith Hill. And on here, she says, when you're trying to speak to everyone, you do end up speaking to no one. And that's because when you're trying to create content for everyone, when you're trying to cater to everyone, you do end up with a really weak marketing message. And so when someone lands on your page, they don't really know what you do. And that can be dangerous because then they don't engage, they don't stay, and then you just lose that connection with them really quickly. So this just re-emphasizes the importance of niching and knowing who you're speaking to. And remember, niching is really about providing an ultimate solution to an ultimate problem that a specific group of people are struggling with. So we're talking about this specific group of people who is your ideal client avatar. So I'm going to refer to it as ICA in the program so you know what I'm talking about. So your ICA is really this group of dream clients that you love to work with. They just light you up and you get really excited when you get this specific type of clients. And you know who it is. Thinking back to your previous encounters with clients, if you're a new graduate, it will be people that you meet on placements clients, hospital patients that you work with, for example, that makes you really happy and you know that they are going to be the ones who will become your biggest fans because they are committed and they get results. So in turn, that makes you feel good about the work that you do. So it is this type of ideal client that we want to think about. Now of course, you don't have to say no. And of course, if your ideal client are females, it doesn't mean that you can't work with men. There will be some exceptions to this rule. For example, in the IBS field, my ideal client is women. And sometimes I do still get men approaching me wanting to work with me. And if they're the right fit in terms of personality, values, and they're someone who's committed and motivated to the process to get results, then yes, of course, I'll say yes to them. But my branding, my messaging, the feel of my page, my marketing, you can clearly see on my IBS page that it's targeted towards women. So I want you to be mindful that when it comes to ideal clients, there's a few things to think about. It's not just about who they are, what they look like, how old they are. That's not it. There's more to it. And this first slide just shows you some of the superficial stuff that you need to understand with your ideal client. So the first part of it is the demographics. So you want to know roughly how old they are, their gender, their education level, are they tertiary qualified, their profession, annual salary, the marital status, and if they have children or not, because that's going to affect the kind of things, the content that you create. And then the lifestyle factors. So what are the hobbies or the interest areas, whether they shop, their exercise levels, do they go to the gym twice a week, and their social life. And then the next part of it is looking at content consumption. So where do they hang out online? Do they prefer to hang out on Instagram versus Facebook? Or if you target corporate women, they might hang out on LinkedIn more, so then you need to make sure that you're also present on LinkedIn. Or if you're targeting younger people, then maybe TikTok is your go-to platform. So thinking about where do they hang out online and who do they follow when they're online. So is there certain media celebrities or influences that they follow, or accounts that are really big? Like, for example, in Australia, they might follow, if they're interested in fitness and weight loss, they might follow people like Michelle Bridges or Kayla Edsteins or Sam Wood, or thinking about the kind of diets that they would have been through, who would they follow that are really prominent in that field. Like in Australia, for example, Pete Evans is really well known for the paleo diet, so they might follow him for information about that or not, because they don't agree with his values. All right. So the next part of it is thinking about what a typical day in their life looks like. Now, I just want you to craft a rough kind of story. You don't have to be exactly right in this. You just want to know roughly when they wake up, what do they do, all the way right through to when they get to bed, what a day looks like. And the next slide here is really focusing on all the deep stuff. And these are really important core stuff that I want you to understand, because this is going to be a big part of your marketing message that you're going to be working on in the next lesson. And I want you to, when you do your market research, I'm going to talk about this in the next slide, I want you to really note down what are some of the keywords, some of the things that they say, and I want you to be able to use the exact words that they use, because that's going to help you to build that instant connection. And that's when someone will come to you and say, I feel like you've been talking to me. I feel like what you say about the problems sounds like me and my life right now. And that's when you know you've built that instant connection with your ideal clients. So what you need to do here, it's understanding what is the biggest frustrations and what are some of the things that keeps them up at night. Is that because they're worried about the weight or they're worried about their poor health and that they can't be around for the kids, or they're worried that they would never have children and they can't leave sort of the legacy on to the next generations to come and have a happy family. So think about what are the biggest problems and you're tapping into the emotions here. And then the next part of it is looking at their external problems. So the obvious things that you can see externally and the consequences of them not resolving the problems. So for example, it could be that they are overweight. So visually they look like they carry a lot of extra weight perhaps around the tummy area and they may be struggling with not fitting into their clothes or PCOS and having acne problems, irregular periods, all of that kind of stuff. And then the internal problem is when you're peeling away the outer layers of the onion and getting to the inner layers and looking at all the deep emotions that they feel. The next thing is that they're almost too embarrassed to tell someone like that guilt, that body shame, the low confidence, things that they don't share with everyone out there. But you need to know because you can then connect with them straight to the heart. And the next thing is knowing what is the ultimate goals in life, the dreams and the aspirations and then the barriers to them achieving their goals right now. Are they someone who's struggling with time because they're really busy, they have a big corporate career job and they just don't have time to cook and clean and all these things and to shop for themselves. And the next part is what do they need from you for them to achieve their goals or from any dietician that they're looking to work with? What are they looking for that's going to make them say, yes, I want to work with you. That's exactly what I need. So you need to understand exactly what they need to get them to their goals. And I'm going to give you an example of an ideal client avatar that I've developed for someone who is in the weight loss niche. And this is a rough example. So I've got Nicole here. She's 28 years old. She lives in Sydney in Australia and she's a teacher. Now she's single. We know she lives alone by herself and she has a busy job. She's constantly marking and coming up with lesson plans for students. So she doesn't have a whole lot of time to cook, but we know that she enjoys baking. So she loves the sweets. She loves going out with her friends, cafes and breakfast or brunches on the weekend. And she loves traveling as well. She values that freedom when she can during school holidays, of course. And then for her in terms of social media habits, she hangs out on Instagram. That's a primary platform and she'll go into Pinterest sometimes and pin some recipes. But primarily she's on Instagram. She follows a lot of influencers and people in the weight loss niche. So I'm going to know what kind of accounts she follows so I can go follow them and look at the messaging that they use. And then she's also someone who's tried weight watches in the past and a few other diets. So she's in that yo-yo dieting cycle. Now getting to her external problems. So visually you can see that Nicole is overweight, her clothes don't fit and each year she just has to buy new clothes because they're getting tighter and tighter. And she has been diagnosed recently with PCOS and insulin resistance. So she's left it too late almost and she's kind of been strutting off all these problems and finally went to the doctor because her acne was coming out and she was struggling to battle with that and she was having irregular periods. And that's how she went to a doctor, went through a series of tests to be diagnosed. Now the internal problems that she feels really ashamed to talk about that she doesn't want to share with everyone is deep down she feels deeply ashamed and she has a really low body confidence. And she looks at all these beautiful people on Instagram, all these women in the bikini and things and constantly dreams of looking like them. And she feels a lot of guilt for the way that she looks and she hates her body and she almost complains about it sometimes to her friends. And the other thing is she's been on a yo-yo diet all her life so she's super frustrated. She feels every time she falls off the bandwagon she feels like a complete failure. And she almost sometimes is so surprised at the fact that she is such a high achiever she can do so well with a career but when it comes to food she just can't seem to get it right. And she's putting off dating because she's super embarrassed about her body and she doesn't want to look the way she is in front of her men or in front of her partner. And she doesn't want to date anyone because she's not even in love with herself. So she's confused, she's lost about what to do and she's looking for someone to guide her through. And she's saying to you that her goals is that she wants to lose around 5 to 10 kilos of her weight. She wants to regulate her period and ultimately she wants to look good so she can find a partner, get married and have children. And some of the barriers that is affecting her right now to stopping her in achieving her goals is that she's super confused about what to eat. She hears so much on the media and she just doesn't know what is right anymore. She's time poor because she's so busy with a career and she doesn't have time to cook so she buys a lot of takeaways and she struggles with follow through. And this is one of her biggest problems. Even herself, she knows that she struggles with follow through. And what she's really looking for to get her the support, the goals that's going to help her achieve her goals. And what she's really looking for in the person that she wants to guide her through to achieve her goals is that she's looking for a dietitian who can give her a step by step plan. She needs structure. She needs routine. She wants someone that she can be accountable to and she needs that high level one on one support because she's got that financial means and she wants to invest in her health this year because she knows that she's had enough of the yo-yo dieting. She knows that it doesn't work anymore and she wants to work with someone to get her to the ultimate goal. And she needs easy recipes and meal plans that she can put together really quickly without spending hours and hours on meal prep in the kitchen. All right. So now that we have a really good idea of Nicole, I want you to head to your worksheet. You're going to be able to download those at the end of this lesson. And I want you to do some market research. So I want you to go to where your ideal clients are and get to understand them, know what they're searching for, know what they're frustrated with. All right. So in the worksheet that I've given you, there's a first section on market research. So I want you to go into certain places and look for information. So the first place that you could go to is your competitor's social media page, maybe their Instagram page, and look at what content they're creating, who they're talking to, how they're speaking to their ideal client. And also you could poll your audience. If you already have some followers on your social media account, you could ask them on Instagram stories, what are they frustrated with? What would they like in order for them to get to their goals? What are stopping them? What kind of barriers are stopping them right now? So you want to ask them those questions. You could even go into Facebook groups as well. If you're already part of Facebook groups that are in your niche, great. If you're not, request to join around three to five Facebook groups and go in there and look through some of the threads and questions and things that people are asking. That's going to help you understand your ideal client a little bit more. And then there is also a website called answerthepublic.com. This is really helpful for you to know what kind of questions or keywords that your ideal client is searching for online on Google, all right? Because that's going to help you to form your content later on. And then of course, you could send your audience a survey as well. And this survey could ask them some of the questions that I have got for you on your slide. And of course, you can send your audience a survey as well. If you already have an existing email list, you could send them a list questions, get to know them a little bit. All right, so go ahead to your defining your ideal client avatar worksheet that's attached with this lesson. Have some fun with it and you can share who your ideal client is on the Facebook group once you've come up with her. I'll see you over in the next lesson where we're going to talk about your marketing message.
