---
Source Program: Accelerator Program
File Name: WEEK 12.2. - Building Your Momentum.mp4
---

Hey there, welcome to the very last video here on week 12 of the Accelerator program. Now in this video, I want to quickly share with you how you can take what you've learned on the Accelerator program and use the next approach I'm talking to you about to scale your business and take it to greater heights. Now you might remember me talking about the hybrid approach in the last video. And in this instance here, this clinician C uses the hybrid approach to scale her business to six figures. And what we're looking at is her possibly offering around a $1,600 package. And if she sells two packages a week or enrolls two new clients a week, that is equivalent to around $3,200 in revenue per week, which is equivalent to about $13,000 revenue per month. And if you look at the overall annual revenue for this practitioner, it's around $153,000. And that is a multiple six figure business. And I want you to look at this with excitement and just think about the possibilities of what this level of income would bring for you, your business and your family. You know, for some of you, it might mean that you can quit your other full-time job that you've been working in to try and make this side hustle work. That might mean that you'll then have more time available on your schedule to do the things that you love for yourself, to take up a new hobby or to be able to spend more time with people that matter to you, like your family, your kids, right? So this is opportunity and these opportunities that's going to really just change the trajectory of your career and your life as well. That's why it makes me so excited to be able to share this approach with you, because I've seen in first person with my own eyes, how this approach has really changed the trajectory of my client's careers. And they've been able to leave their full-time job and pursue doing what they love from the comfort of their own home and to be able to take more time off for holidays and not worry about bills and mortgages and things like that. So I'm excited to be sharing this with you. Now, at this point, if this sounds really exciting to you, I want to introduce you and invite you to join us on the Momentum Club. Now the Momentum Club is a really exciting program that I've got, helping dietitians and nutritionists to grow their online business and skyrocket the success within a six-month container. And what it is, is that it's a comprehensive six-month business and mindset coaching program, especially designed by me for online dietitians and nutritionists. And what we do is we help you to elevate your marketing and take it to the next level. We help you to take massive action. We keep you accountable to create that unstoppable momentum in your business, which is super exciting because it's me taking everything that I've learned over the last few years of growing a multiple six-figure business, and we're getting to half a million soon, which is really exciting. And I want to be able to help you to grow your business and take it to the next level as well. And the Momentum Club is based on three core pillars. So pillar number one is strategy, pillar number two is mindset, and pillar number three is action. So when you combine all three pillars together on the program, that's when you can create unstoppable momentum in your business and of course, in your life as well. And let me just share with you the five different phases of the Momentum Club. So phase number one is where we're going to help you to expand your reach and take what you've got and grow it even bigger. Phase number two is to help you build your online digital course slash program. Phase number three is helping you to create that customer journey, even further refining that and building your sales funnel, taking someone who is a co-lead, nurturing them, warming them up, and then eventually having them as your customer. Phase number four is to help you to launch your online digital program. And that could be based around a webinar launch, and we teach you different ways of launching and how to set up your sales page, all of those kinds of things associated with launching. And the fifth and final phase is helping you to scale your business, getting you to that multiple six figures mark. And phase five is helping you to scale your business and getting your business to that six figure mark. And let me just quickly go through with you all the details of what you'll learn on the six months program. So the first step we're going to take you through, which I know a lot of you are really excited about is learning how to create your email list, your freebie, AKA a lead magnet, and using that to grow your email list. So you can start to connect with your audience on a different platform, right? They say, don't put your eggs in one basket. So what we're going to do is to help you to expand your reach and putting your eggs in different basket and in the baskets that matter as well, because that's a really important way to nurture your audience and connect with them outside of the social media platforms that you're currently on. And then the second thing that we're going to teach you is to help you to design, to actually create and then sell your digital online course. And when I talk about helping you to do that, we have a lot of step-by-step tutorials on the program, helping you so you know what equipment you're going to need to record your videos. Helping you to know what softwares to use to actually record and share your screen and what softwares to use to edit your own videos as well, because we recognize that a lot of people may not have the budget to outsource to other companies to do their video editing. So we teach you how to do it yourself so you can eventually teach someone else to do it, right? And these are not complex softwares at all. We've got step-by-step tutorials, helping you to set it up. And then we also teach you how to upload your videos to an online course platform and which ones to pick from. So we give you all the options to choose so you don't have to do that research yourself. And the next thing that we teach you is to help to streamline your sales funnel. Again, talking about, you know, taking someone from a cold lead to a buyer and having that funnel automated so you're not constantly just trying to DM people on Instagram and doing things manually because they can take a lot of time. And the next thing is helping you to launch your program using webinars and we'll give you all the email templates that you'll need. There's lots of resources around launching on the program portal. And then we're going to take it to the next step, helping you to launch a group program and then eventually going on to sell digital courses. And friends, a lot can change in six months. A lot of my clients have gone from having no income at all to getting to that five to 10 K months in their business within six months. So it can be really exciting. And we want you to help you to grow your business and scale it in a way that you don't feel like you're burning out in a way that is sustainable. Because we believe that building a business is really for the long term. And you're doing this and treating it like a marathon where you're not taking short sprints and then feeling burnt out and have to stop for months and feeling overwhelmed. We want to help you do it in a very sustainable way where you can build a business that will last this distance. And I'll go through all the key elements that are going to be included on the momentum club. So on the momentum club, I am going to be a lot more involved in your business. We're going to have private coaching sessions together so that I can look at your business in more detail and give you personalized coaching and support and advice. And then we're going to have fortnightly laser coaching group sessions. So that means we get together as a small group and each group has around a maximum of eight people. And you're all going to be in a very similar stage for your business and you are there to support each other. So you don't just have me, but you also have the support and network of those within your group as well. So don't feel so alone in your journey. You're also going to get access to twice a week office hour. So that's what I call the office hour of power, where you come to your questions, we brainstorm and solve them on the spot for you. So you're essentially getting two to three touch points with us each week to help you get along. And then not to forget, you're going to get up and between all our coaching sessions, you're going to get access to support from us on your Trello board as well. We can upload resources, lead magnets, emails, anything that you want us to review for you on your Trello board so we can give you personalized feedback. And of course, you're going to get access to our momentum portal. So you're going to have access to a range of templates, email resources, and step by step tutorials to help you know what to do next. And lastly, you're going to also get access to the private Facebook group where you'll have the support and network of all my other program clients. And the momentum club is really designed for those of you who are looking for more intensive coaching support, plus a mix of that community support as well to help you as you grow your business, especially if you're feeling lonely or you feel like there's no one to talk to and you need a guide. And if we've been working together over the last few months, you would know what my teaching style is. So the momentum club is really designed for you. If you're someone who is looking to take your business, grow it, make it your main gig and get to that five to 10K months. And we call it the 10K club in our program. When you get there, we really celebrate you and cheer you on. It's such an exciting milestone, right? And it can really change a lot for your career as well. So we want to offer you that support to help you get there. And if you're someone who's ambitious, you're looking for the next level challenge and you want a guide from someone who's done that, been there and done that, then I'm here to help guide you there, especially my experience of being a dietician and also being involved in the online space, helping others build their online courses and launch their programs. I'm here to help you get there. And I just want to quickly show you all the different amazing practitioners like dieticians and nutritionists that we've been working with on the program to help them build and grow their business. And these are just some examples of dieticians and nutritionists from all around the world that we've been working with. Some of them have been able to leave their full-time jobs. Some of them have been able to have five-figure launches, we're talking about more than 10K and launch money revenue, which is really exciting for them. And some people who's taken their business from 10K a month to 20K to 30K. So it's really exciting. And I'm so, so, so proud of these amazing practitioners. And you can be one of them too. I'm showing you this because I want you to see the possibilities. And a lot of you might already know these incredible dieticians that we've been working with. I want you to know that you can do it too. There's no one any more special than you are. They're just people who are keen and ambitious and they're willing to commit to the process and picking the right strategies for their business. And that's what I'm here to help you do. The Momentum Program is certainly not a cookie cutter approach. It's a program where I work with you in your business, get to really know what your goals are and where you're at, and we'll provide you with personal advice to help you get forward and move towards your goal as quickly as possible. So if you're someone who is ready for more, you're hungry, you want to learn and you want to build a profitable online practice, then I would love to invite you to join us on the Momentum Club. And what you have to do is go click on the link below in the description box to apply. It's a no obligation application at all. If you're interested, you want to hear more about it and you want to chat through some of the goals and see how we can support you, I would encourage you to go and apply. Because if you apply within the next four weeks of finishing this program, then we're going to give you $1,000 off your enrollment for the Momentum Club. So it's a definite great bonus because we want to help you and work with you so you can continue to create that unstoppable momentum in your business. So go click on the link below. I can't wait to hear from you. Remember, you've got four weeks from the end of the program to apply. So I cannot wait to chat to you again and all the best. I'll talk soon. We'll talk soon.
