---
Source Program: Accelerator Program
File Name: WEEK 5 - Creating Video Content that Converts.mp4
---

Welcome back, so in this lesson here, we're going to talk about how to create video content that helps you to build and nurture that relationship with your audience and convert them from followers to clients. Now on the Instagram platform, there's three key types of video content that you can create. So the first one is Instagram stories, Instagram reels, and then we've got IG TV. So at the time of this recording, Instagram is really pushing Instagram stories and Instagram reels to the viewers or the users of the platform. So you want to be more strategic with the content you create and create more of those kind of content. And then once you feel more comfortable and you get into the groove of content creation for videos, then you probably want to start dabbling into IG TV and start promoting more deeper, longer conversations with your audience. Now let's dive into Instagram stories first. So if you don't already know, Instagram stories are these little circles that comes up on top of your feed when you go into the platform and it's showing you around those bright circles indicating that that person has new stories. And do you know if someone has interacted with you recently, either through your posts, commenting on your posts, sending a DM, or they interacted with you on stories, then their story notification is going to come up sooner so you'll see it rather than having to click through quite a few people to get there. So that's one thing for you to be aware of. And that's why you want to keep current in terms of engaging with your audience. It's a really good way with stories to build connection with your audience. It helps them to get to know you in the video format because when you speak to someone over video, it's very different to when they were reading something on a word format. And it's also really helpful for them to see behind the scenes of what your work day looks like and they get to hear from you. When it comes to posting, I recommend posting around two to three times a day on Instagram stories and spreading that out if you can. So I would suggest having around eight clips a day, 15 seconds each. So that would mean that you're creating about two minutes of Instagram story content for your audience. And it doesn't mean you have to be on the platform all day to constantly post. It's really just being about strategic with what you post to your audience. And you want to have a good mix between business type content and personal life. There is a guide that you can download, it's the Instagram stories guide at the download section on this page here. So you can go ahead and download that after this video and get more ideas about what you can post. But before that, I'll quickly share some of the ideas of what you can put on your stories. So you can alert someone to a new post. So if you have just posted something, reshare that to your stories. And like I mentioned in the last lesson, hide your hashtags and your location geotag behind the post and use a slightly different type of hashtags as well. So it just helps to broaden the reach of your post to more people. You can also answer questions from your audience. So if you get a lot of DMs about a particular type of question, you can certainly then also answer that on your stories. So more people will benefit from it. You can share clients wins, you can reshare relevant content. And when I talk about relevant contents, content that your audience would find helpful, and it could be from other dietitians, or it could be from other accounts that are complementary to your niche. So for example, if you're an IBS dietitian, and you know that your clients will be interested in low FODMAP home delivered meals, so then you can share something from those kind of companies like Epicure in the US, for example, that's a complimentary service to what I provide. So I would sometimes share their posts because my audience would find it helpful. You can also share images of your lead magnet, and you can use Canva to create those mock-up images. You can share the behind the scenes of your workday. Who are you seeing today? What kind of clients have really stood out and you want to share some key takeaways with your audience. You could also share you prepping your breakfast or lunch or your snack and just showing and educating them some tips behind the scenes as well. Now when it comes to stories, engagement is really helpful. You want people to watch and stay watching the remaining of the clip. So you want to keep it interesting. And what I would suggest is leveraging all these stickers that are available for you. Right? So you've got the poll sticker, question sticker, countdown, and that's a slider one or the quizzes and what a lot of dietitians are finding and nutritionists are really helpful is the quiz sticker because it helps your audience to participate, encourages them to answer in who loves, who doesn't love quizzes. It's really fun and it's much easier than you putting on your question sticker, ask me a question because they don't have to think too much to participate. Okay. And when you do the poll function, I would say, don't do yes and no. And that's it because if someone doesn't agree or if they say no, they often don't even tap or participate. So what I would often do is do yes or hell yes or yes or I need help. So then it still encourages someone to tap and then you can look at, depending on what they respond, provide them more information, open up a conversation by sending them a DM after they're voted. All right. And any stories that you post, if you feel that that's a really good piece of content that you want to save it, then you can save it to these highlights. Now we know that Instagram stories only stays there for 24 hours. All right. So if there's something that you really want your audience to remember or look at, save it to these highlights and you can create these templates on Canva. So if you go into Canva, just search Instagram story highlights, covers, and then that will come up with examples and you want to make sure that it looks consistent across the board. Some of the key tips that I would love for you to remember is not to waffle on stories. You want to get straight to the point. Don't spend maybe two or three clips before you start talking about the key points. You want to capture your audience in. You want to start with the hook, go to the meaty part, and then end with a call to action. Okay. And aim for around six to eight story clips a day. Don't overwhelm your audience by having 10, 15, 20 story clips. That's just a little bit much and will get a bit mundane afterwards. And try not to start. I know it's so normal. It's natural tendency for a lot of people to do is to start with, Hey guys, I just want to quickly jump on today and talk about X, Y, and Z. Try and get to the point. It's like, good morning. I noticed that yesterday someone sent me a message about this. It makes him curious, right? When you hear that and you just want to listen in and hear more. So start with that hook to capture their attention. And when you do any texts within the story, bear in mind that you try not to post it too low, not to position it too low because it could get cut off. So you want to pull your text and move it around. And if you see that it gets too low, the comments section will start to come up and you will see that it's a bit too low. So try and keep it nice and within the visual visibility window. And use captions on your story. Really, really important because a lot of people would watch the stories on silence. So you want to have summary key points of what you're saying on the story as well. But I know a lot of us don't have time to go and type out the text. So what you can do is utilize this new app that's from Instagram. It's called Threads from Instagram. Basically you can caption what you say and it's automatic transcription. You go into the app. It's a free app for you to download and you would press this button here and you would start to talk and it will transcribe what you say. And if you don't like that or there's mistakes or you want to change the fonts, go into these sections here to adjust it. And you can save that to your phone to post all together or you can talk, let it transcribe and then post it straight away to Instagram stories. So it's a really wonderful app that a lot of people don't know about. I want to quickly talk about equipment. Now earlier on, I didn't mention you do need to check your lighting. Make sure that your lighting is good. Make sure also that your back is not facing a window because what that would do is it will just be so glaring. So it'll be hard for that person to see you. So what you want to do is actually hold your phone and face the window so your lighting is good. Again, you don't want to be in a really dark place because we can't see you and we can't see you. People will lose interest very quickly. So the key equipment that you'll need for filming, obviously you can just simply do it with your iPhone and go straight into Instagram stories and record it. A good thing would be to use AirPods, earphones so the sound is clearer. And also if you don't have good lighting, I recommend getting a ring light. That's a really cheap and affordable piece of equipment. And if you do get ring light, a key recommendation is to try and get a ring light with this phone holder that sits kind of near that arm that can be lowered so it sits just there. So it's at eye level and you can record video with good lighting. All right. You can also get a stand as well to make it go higher or lower. And this will be really helpful, especially if you're someone who will be creating a lot of video content or you're creating an online course. This is going to come in really handy. Ring lights are really good to get started, but if you want to take things to the next level, you can use a softbox light and these are much gentler, it's less harsh on your eye and it's easier for it to be on. So right now at this time of recording, I've got my softbox lighting on, so it's a nice soft light and I can record without feeling like the light is so strong for my eye. So I've purchased this piece of equipment because I do so much video content and it's a good investment for my business and it's really not that expensive as well. And the other piece of equipment that can be handy but not essential is a tripod. So a tripod basically holds your phone so your video is not too shaky. And with this one here, it's a Gorilla tripod stand and you can bend these little sections to get it to where you want it to be. And if you can get a kind of tripod that allows you, if you do a lot of recipes and you want to film your recipe preparation, hopefully it can bend down and be stable as well so you can film your recipe from top down. Otherwise, a lot of content that I create, even when I go on to Instagram Live, I would use a tripod, put it on my desk so I'm not shaking and it's easier for the viewer. Next up is Instagram Reels, really popular at the moment and it does have its own separate section here on your profile and it's highly favoured by the algorithm so you definitely want to be churning up more Instagram Reels. I do have a separate masterclass as part of this week's lesson for you to go watch, teaching you how to create Instagram Reels and ideas about what you can create. There is a workbook there for you as well. But my key tip here is if you haven't started creating Reels, go ahead and create them because they are the best way for you to reach more people and gain more visibility right now. And next up is IGTV. Now IGTV is a little bit harder to get onto because you do want to be on there and talking for a little bit. And what I used to do, what I tend to do is I would create Instagram Live, so I would do IG Live and then I would then post it to IGTV so I'm kind of repurposing content, it's much easier for me. Now Instagram TV is a long form type of video for up to 60 minutes but it does need to be a minimum of one minute. So between one minute to 60 minutes and you can then share a 15 second preview to your feed so someone would see it and then tap to go and watch the whole IGTV. So you want to make sure that when you start your IGTV that you're making it juicy. So you want to start with a hook. Hey guys, today I'm talking about the five tips for mistakes to avoid when creating IGTV. So this is a catchy hook title. You don't want to start with just looking at the camera and say, oh, I'll wait for a few more people to join because that's a bit boring. So someone may not want to click to watch more. And you want to go live Instagram Live when this most amount of audience is online. So then you can repurpose that content to IGTV straight away. You can do IGTVs like education series, you can do deep dive into a topic, you can invite guests to come on as well. So you're not doing this on your own. You want to build rapport, trust and connection with your audience. So what you want to do is to build and create valuable content to your audience would find helpful. And then once you've done it, you can repurpose it and put it on other platforms as well. So sorry, what's this is a mistake, I'm going to try. OK, let's try this again. All right, next up is Instagram Live and IGTV. Now this is a really cool way to educate your audience to build that know, like and trust factor. And it's a really good boost of your confidence as well to go on and interact with your audience. It feels like you're talking to people who actually care about you. All right. So with Instagram TV, it's a long form video of something that you would create between one minute to 60 minutes. So it's a minimum one minute and up to 60 minutes. And what I often do is I've combined them together. So I would go live on Instagram and then I would share it to IGTV. And that's why I put it together, because it's just much easier and quicker for you. And then what I would do is I'll share a preview of my Instagram Live to my feed post. OK. And it's a 15 second preview that I pop it on there. And so I make sure that I'm starting my Instagram Live with a hook. So I would say, hey, thanks for joining me today. And I'm going to talk about the five mistakes to avoid when it comes to IGTV. So you're starting with that hook to capture people to watch during that 15 minutes, 15 seconds preview. So then they will be more likely to tap on it to watch the full IGTV. You also want to go live on Instagram when most of your audience is online. So look at the time when your audience is on. And then you can always go tap to go live and see how many people are live on Instagram. So you know when to do it. And so really. All right. So next up, I'm talking about Instagram Live and IGTV. And I've combined them together because I know that IGTV is not something that Instagram is promoting very much right now. And so what I do is I will repurpose my content that I do on Instagram Live and bring it on to IGTV. And that tends to be the most effective use of my time. So I'm discussing them joined up together right now for you. So to give you a brief overview, basically, IGTV is a longer form of video that you would create from Instagram Live and needs to be a minimum of one minute. And it goes up to a maximum of 60 minutes. And then what I tend to do afterwards is I would share a preview of my Instagram TV, which was from Instagram Live onto my feed preview, and you can share 15 second preview. So you want to make sure that that quick preview starts with a hook and hooks people in to want to watch more. So you would want to think when you create Instagram Live is that you're starting with a hook saying something like, Hey, guys, thanks for joining me live today. And I really want to jump on to talk about the top five mistakes that I see people make time and time again, blah, blah, blah. So then the person who's watching the replay on IGTV on your feed post, that preview, we see straight away that that's something juicy. That's interesting. I want to watch on. All right. And you also want to go live when your audience is online. So you can look at your analytics to see what time your audience is most active. And then when you pick to go live or before you do that in the preview screen, you can see how many people are actually live to decide if that's a good time to do it or not. And some of the ideas of what you can do for this is maybe an education series or a deep dive into a topic, or you can always invite guests to come on as well so you're not talking to yourself. And I find that those interview type format tends to be really easy for me to do because I'm not the only one talking. But like I said, it's a really good way to build trust and rapport with your audience. And once you've done your live, you can repurpose it into other platforms like your Facebook page. You can also put it on YouTube. So one piece of content repurposed in multiple different formats. And this is a quick overview. Okay. And this is a quick overview of what it looks like with your control panel at the bottom when you go on to Instagram Live. And I thought I'll quickly cover some of the key things here. So in this section here, that's where your audience or you can put a comment in there and you could do something like, you know, say hello and let me know where you're from in this and pin it to the top. So whoever who joins can see that comment from you.


So your audience can submit questions via that tab there. You can send someone a message to let them know that you're live or something like that. And that button there, that function is for you to pick to go live with someone else. So you can maybe invite someone to come live with you, or you can ask whoever who's on the audience if someone wants to join you live to request to join your live show. You can add a filter to your life as well. So any filters that you've got saved on your stories function or your live function, you can use that. And that there is your photo album. So sometimes when you go on Instagram live, you might wanna share some pre-made photos or images that relates to the topic that you're talking about. So sometimes I would prepare perhaps some slides. It's an image that I would save to my album. So I can pull it up and show my audience some key points if it's a very complicated topic, or if I want them to take notes and things, it does add more value to your Instagram live as well. So people who are not paying full attention can always see what you've got on there. Now, once you've done your Instagram live, then I will post it to IGTV. If your IGTV is less than 15 minutes, you can upload it straight away directly from the phone. Okay. So once I have finished my Instagram live, you click finish, it will ask you if you wanna download the video or you wanna post it direct. So if you know that you wanna download a copy and repurpose and do something to it, you can download it to your photo album and then post it afterwards. Otherwise you can download it directly. Now, just a quick little tip. If your video is longer than 15 minutes and you choose to upload it afterwards, then you have to use the desktop function of Instagram to upload the video. If it's under 15 minutes, I can post it, download a video straight from my phone. But if it's more than 15 minutes, you'll have to go to the Instagram website, go to this section. So that's what it would look like. Go click on IGTV and then go click on the upload button for you to upload your video that's more than 15 minutes. You can upload a video that's up to 16 minutes as well. Now, I would highly recommend that you don't just let Instagram pick your cover image because it will just pick a random screen from your video. What I actually suggest is inserting a cover image. That's the Instagram story sizing, which is 1920 by 1080. So it looks like that. And again, I've got that little square in the middle because that's what would come up when it shows that preview on my feed. Okay? And just reemphasizing the different sizings. So that's the stories sizing, which is what you wanna use for your IGTV cover. But what people would see on the feed is something like that. And then that's what they will see on your feed, which will be more like a square. All right? So hopefully these sizing makes sense to you. Go into the template section to find more information about this. All right? And then once you are about to upload your IGTV, so that's the screen you'll see, you need to put in the title and the description. You can add it to a series as well if you've got a deep dive week on FODMAPs. And then this is one of the part of the FODMAP discussion. Okay? So that goes on there. You wanna select post a preview to your feed and to your profile page. And then you can edit the profile cover here. And you can also post it on Facebook if you want to. And in this section here, the advanced setting, you can edit the preview of that 15 second clip that people see. And this is also where you would go to if you wanna turn on the captions for your Instagram Live. All right? So that's a quick overview. Hopefully that all makes sense to you. And you know that there's different types of video content you can create on Instagram. Now head on over to the resource section and that's got all the guides that you need to help you get started with video content creation. I'll see you over in the next video.
