---
Source Program: Accelerator Program
File Name: WEEK 8.3 - Overcoming Sales Objections.mp4
---

Alright, so in this lesson here, we're going to be talking about how to overcome sales objections. I know a lot of you don't like to be rejected, so don't I, and I hate that feeling of getting let down as well, but when it comes to sales, we need to understand that getting a no is inevitable. You can't avoid it. It's bound to happen, right? Not everyone's going to be your client, not everyone's going to be able to afford your program or want to work with you, and so that's okay. What you need to get over is that rejection, that fear of being rejected, that discomfort feeling of getting a no. Alright, so in this last lesson here for this week, we're going to be talking about how to overcome sales objections. When it comes to selling and sales, objections are very, very common, but where a lot of people fall into the trap is that they just give up too quickly, and they don't know how to address objections, so it can feel really uncomfortable, and of course, I recognize that no one likes being rejected, and that feeling is really uncomfortable, but what we need to get over is that the fact that objections are normal, getting rejected is very common, so what you need to know is that it's okay. It doesn't mean anything about you when someone says no, it simply means that it's not a good fit, or it's not a good time, or you just need to get more confident with selling and presenting the value of what you've got, so what I want you to do is to be able to anticipate objections and prepare yourself in advance, so you know how to handle these objections confidently, and it wouldn't just be an awkward silence, and that's what this training's for. Now, I'm going to take you through the top three objections that I often hear that I hear my clients get on sales call and help you to be better prepared for it. Now, the top three objections that we often get from people is, I can't afford it or it's too expensive, the second one is, I need to think about it, or the third one is, I need to talk to my partner, so these three are super common. Now, sales objection number one of, I can't afford it or it's too expensive. It's very common, it's almost like self-defense, a quick objection, a wall that people pull up when they don't know, or it shocks them in a sense, and I want you to understand when people say this, it may not always be about the money. It could just be that they can't see the value of what you're offering to them just yet, and so when you get that, what I want you to say instead, confidently, of course, if I get that this is a scary investment, you're not saying I get that it's an expensive investment, you can say, I get that this is a scary investment, can you help me to understand if money wasn't an issue in this situation, would you still like to work with me? So here, you're trying to understand if they've got any other objections that they're not saying that could be potentially hiding under the, it's too expensive basket, and then what you can offer depending on what they say to you is maybe a payment plan, so if they say, oh, I don't have the $900 right now to invest in your program, so then you could say, oh, that's okay, that's why I have the payment plan option to make it easy for people to get started, and you can get started today with 330 per month, and then next month, the 330 again in the month after, so you're helping them, giving them a lower barrier to entry. The second option is, I don't often offer this straight away, but if you find that someone genuinely wants to work with you, but they just can't afford it because maybe they've lost a job or they might have a lot of other commitments, but they really need help and they're generally a good fit for you, you could offer them a down sale. You could offer them a down sale into a small package you might have, so for example, if you've got a six-month program or a three-month program of $900, you could maybe offer them a six-week program, or even you can still offer three months but less support, maybe take out the email support for $600 or something like that, so that's an easier barrier to entry again for them. I don't often down sale straight away on the call, I tend to give people some time and space to think about it, and then I'll follow up after 48 hours to see what the decisions are, because sometimes they might be able to go away and find money somehow, they might be able to loan it from their family, or they might be able to share some money around or put it on the credit card or something like that, so I like to give them the time to really go away and think about it before jumping to offering something straight away. The next question that you would want to ask yourself, if someone's saying this time and time again, over and over again on the call, you want to reflect that back on yourself and think if you actually step them through the value of all the inclusions properly, so you're demonstrating to them all the value of what they're getting from you in the program, right? And if you find yourself rushing through that process and not spending time to address those things with them, then of course, someone's not going to be able to see that. Now, what I want you to understand is that everyone's got a very different perception of money. Something that's $300 may seem super expensive to someone, but it may seem dirt cheap to someone else, and they might feel like you're too cheap, and that could be a concern as well sometimes. So know that pricing is relative and you're not trying to attract everyone. You're not trying to attract someone who will find $300 too expensive. You're trying to attract someone who sees the value of the investment, and they may be willing to make a few sacrifices to make that work. And even if it means not having coffee, you take away coffee in the morning every day, they're willing to sacrifice that to make it work. And that's the group of people that you want to attract. But if they're penny pinchers and they keep asking you for a discount and they just wouldn't let it slide, then they are not the kind of clients that you want to attract. And you can just wave them goodbye and wish them well. Now, the second sales objection is, I need to think about it. Now, when people often hear this, they'll freeze and they don't know what to say. And what I want you to do instead is quickly say, that's fine. You know, I absolutely understand you need to have some time to think about it, but I would love to understand, what would you like to think about? Is this something that maybe I haven't quite explained very well, or you're unsure of, that perhaps we can talk about that a little bit more while on this call, right? And what you're doing here is you're trying to get them to bring up any potential objections, that they might be a little bit shy to voice, or you're just making them feel comfortable about verbalizing that, so you can address the objections on the call. Because I can guarantee you, it will be so much easier to explain yourself and convey your points on email versus in person with them, and can actually have a conversation about it. So I would certainly say, try and address it on the call as much as you can. Now, what you can offer here to entice them to make a quick decision is your quick action bonus. And I've emphasized this quite a few. Now, what you can offer instead, when someone says, I need to think about it, is to repeat the quick action bonus back to them and help to them to remind them about it. So what you can offer here, if someone says, I need to think about it, is perhaps to repeat your quick action bonus back to them and entice them and enable them to see that there's actually some scarcity or urgency there. So what you could say is, just want to remind you that there is a quick action bonus. If you sign up with us within the 48 hours, you're going to get a two weeks personalized meal plan. So we can get you started on the right foot. You don't even have to sign up for a meal plan. So we can get you started on the right foot. You don't even have to stress about meal planning. I've got this guide with 30 recipes in there and snacks and lots of ideas to get you started. Right. So you can see it's low pressure. You're not saying, oh, no, no, you need to get that to me right or otherwise you're going to lose all of this. You're not pressuring them. You're reminding them about the quick action bonus there once again. Now, the third sales objection, which is the most common one, is I need to talk to my partner. And I get this a lot, especially when we're on the call with females and they have a partner or a significant other, or even the parents or whoever they want to talk to. And some people might just use that as an excuse as well to get off the call. So what you would want to say is, I totally respect this. Maybe we could schedule another time where we can jump on the call or we can meet up and jump on the call with you and your partner and answer any questions that you might have without going back and forth on email. Should we find a time, you know, perhaps tomorrow to schedule in the call and talk about that? So then what you're doing here is you're giving them the opportunity to invite the partner onto a call. You respect that the partner's opinion is really important and you're not forcing them to make a decision now, but you're inviting the partner onto the call. Some people would add this question onto their screening questionnaire as well, where they ask, is there a significant other that you would like to have on the call with you as well? You could also put that in there if you're finding that you're getting this a lot. So it gives you the opportunity to invite the partner onto the call. And I want you to recognize that not often people will give you an answer straight away and it's completely okay to give them time and space to think about it. Even for me, when I have to make a big investment, I like to have some time to think about it without being pressured to buy something on the call. So I like to give my prospects 48 hours and that's why I have a 48 hour quick action bonus. Essentially, that's the deadline or the clear line where I'd say, okay, if I don't hear back from you, I'll check in with you after that. And what you would want to do is if you don't hear back from the prospect after 48 hours is to follow up with a series of three emails. So you would send them another email after the 48 hours. You would send it to them and ask them, check in with them and ask them about the decision, if they have any questions for you. And then you would send another email again, two days later, 48 hours later to see if they got your last email. And then five days later. Now the last email is spread a longer time apart, just in case they're really stuck with doing something else. You don't want to be so desperate. In a sense, you want to give them some space, but you also want to close up. So that's the last email. And a lot of people would tell you the fortune is in the follow up. And that is so true because life happens, people forget. So you want to go back and just remind them out of courtesy. And the other thing I often do as well is if I don't hear back from someone, I actually send them a DM on Instagram. And that's why I get you guys to get their handle on Instagram. So you get to also have another method of touching base with them because sometimes emails go astray and they end up in the spam folder or some people just don't open their emails because they've got so many spam emails every day. So try and follow up. And I would say at least three times if you can. And lastly, what I want you to remember is that getting a no from your prospect right now is not a no forever. It may just be a no for now because the time is not right or they need to get further tests and investigations. So you don't really want them to commit to a program right now. But you know what? If you end it, kind of close it in quite a nice mutual feeling, they're going to remember you and then come back to you when the time is right. So if they don't say yes now, they might say yes six months down the track. That's still a win-win situation. And the next thing I want you to remember is getting a no. It's not a reflection of your self-worth as a person. It's not a reflection of you as a health professional that you're terrible at what you do. Don't make it about you because I think a lot of us would end up feeling really rejected and down. We get down on ourselves. We are sometimes really mean about the stuff that we say to ourselves as well because we can't handle that rejection. And we'll make it all about us. And what could happen is we end up feeling worse and worse. And then we just give up and throw our hands all up in the air and say, no, no one wants to work with you. And that's not a good way to look at it because like I said to you, getting a no is not a no forever. And getting a no doesn't mean that you're terrible as a dietician, as a person that they don't want to work with you. It could just be that your personality doesn't match. The program is not a good fit for them. And just wish them well and say thank you for your interest. Really appreciate that. And then just close it off, right? You always want to finish off on a good feeling as well. So it leaves them with good memories about you. All right. So anyway, on this section here, I've got some examples and guidelines covering what we talked about in this lesson, just teaching you how to handle different types of self objections. So you can go on to the worksheet section and download that. All right. That's it for this week. I will see you in next week's lesson. Have a great week, everyone.
