---
Source Program: Accelerator Program
File Name: WEEK 7 - Crafting Your Irresistable Offer.mp4
---

Welcome back. So now that you've learned how to develop your program framework, the next step of this week's lesson is to teach you how to price your program and pull together an irresistible offer that your prospect can't say no to. And before I go forward, just wanted to pull up this slide again to show you my program framework, because we're going to be using this as an example for the pricing lesson. So like I mentioned previously, it's five phase, five stage program. Welcome back. So now that you've learned how to develop your program framework, I'm going to teach you how to price your program so that you can pull together an irresistible offer that your ideal clients can't say no to. Now on this screen here, I've just quickly pull up my IBS2Freedom program framework again, just to show you, because we're going to be using this example here to price out the program to give you an idea of how to do it. And what we're going to look at is the three parts of your program element. So part one is the core inclusions of my program, the deliverables, all the extra things that you're going to give to your clients as support resources, and third part is bonuses. So with part number one, the core inclusions, so these are all the sessions I'm going to have my clients. So you can see here that it's a 20 weeks program with the initial 45 minute session and seven of the 30 minutes review session. And then I also provide my clients with extra resources to help them with the information that I'm teaching them. All right. So there's lots of food lists, examples of FODMAP handouts, the shopping list, there's workbooks with challenges and reintroductions, and then there's heaps of recipes and a weekly meal planner template. And then the third part of your program element is your bonuses. So I want you to see bonuses as the third course of your three course meal. So it's like the dessert course. It's something that I often look forward to when I go and dine out. It adds a nice finishing touch to the meal. It's not an essential part of my meal, but it just is something that I look forward to to add sweet memories to the meal, right? And it helps to oomph up the experience of the whole program. So I use bonuses to address objections and also to take my program to the next level. So what I mean by addressing objections. So I know often my clients know that they need to implement the low FODMAP diet as part of the program, but where they often get stuck at is knowing how to implement it practically. So I'm going to hand them a two weeks personalized meal plan when they first start to help them to know how to put things into action. So they can just literally pick it up and run with it. And then they're going to learn all the practical skills of how to implement the information and put their knowledge into practice as they work through the program. So it's almost like a quick win for them. And then I also give them lots of ideas for snacks using a snack Bible. So in order to price up your program, the next part of this is looking at the five steps. So what we'll need to do first up is to add up all the elements. So you're going to price and add a total value for your core inclusions, your deliverables and your bonuses. And then what you'll do once you add up the price of your core inclusions and your deliverables is to decide on your upfront investment, what someone will have to pay to work with you. So the upfront investment, I usually recommend a 20 to 30% discount from the total value. And then with bonuses, you also want to assign a value to it as well. And then step number four is to reduce barrier to purchase. How you do it is to offer a payment plan so someone can start right away with a much smaller investment. So that's a payment plan that someone would split the payment over a certain number of time. And with payment plans, you don't want to just use the total investment or the upfront investment and divide that by the duration of the program. You want to add a markup because the risk is higher, the risk of someone's credit card defaulting and them running away is higher. So you want to protect yourself upfront. Just think of it like you're going to buy something at the store and you're paying it by installment. You always have to pay a little bit more. So I usually recommend around a 15% markup for the payment plan, or you can add a quick action bonus of 48 hours bonus. This is the pricing. And the next step is to create the urgency. Again, here, you don't want to give people plenty of time to decide because they're going to go away, think about it, and then change their mind later or forget about coming back to you. So you want to create urgency by having a fixed bonus so people know that they have to get back to you within a certain timeframe. I usually recommend a 48 hour timeframe. So let's get back to the program elements and the pricing model. So if we call inclusions, I've priced that, I've valued that at 810. So work it out by doing a 180 for my initial session and a $90 for my review session. So that came up to be 810. My resources, that came up to be 350 value. And I just simply worked out with each resource roughly how much it'll cost if someone were to buy individually from me. And then that came up to be 350. And then my bonuses came up to be 150. So just to show you an example here of my total program value. So I've got 180 here for the initial, and then like I said, 90 for the review sessions that came up to be 630. I've got the resources, the deliverables to be 350. And I also added in email support as well for 250. So the total value of my program is 1410. And then my upfront investment, which is around a 20% discount from the total value comes up to be 1100. And that's like I said, about a 20% discount. So someone's saving 310. And then we're going to do a quick 48 hour quick action bonus there, which is worth $150 of value. So that's my two weeks meal plan and the snack Bible. All right. So what I often would explain to clients or prospects in the call would be the upfront investment is 1100, but I do offer a 48 hour quick action bonus. So not only do you save 310, you also get $150 value, extra value of bonuses. So you essentially getting about $460 of extra value for free. All right. And then the payment plan option, like I said, I would add on a 15% markup. So that came up to be about 1265 from the 110. And then you would divide that by the duration of your programs. My program is five months. You can certainly go shorter as well, but I want to make it easier for the prospect to say yes, by having a lower starting point. So that came up to be about 250 a month. So they will get charged on their credit card, 250 a month for five months on the same date. And I set it up on Stripe as a recurring payment. And if you've forgotten how to do this, I do have a lesson in the earlier weeks. When we talk about setting up your business, we do have a lesson on how to set up recurring payment plans on Stripe. Now when it comes to pricing your program, there is a psychology behind sales that would make people to immediately say yes, looking at the number. And this is through marketing research, not through me and what I've learned. All right. So they often say that it will be best if you have your program, the cost of investment to run off to either a five, a seven or zero. And hence, that's why I've got 1100 here and 250. Try not to end with random numbers like a two or three or six, because they don't tend to sell as well according to research. And so if you were pricing, I would say, try and end it with a zero or five like 255, 295, for example, or 297. They tend to sell better from research perspective. All right. So now it's over to you to price out your program, head on back to your program workbook. And there is a section on there for helping you to price up. So now over to you, head on over to your signature program workbook again on the second part where you'll start to price out your program and the different offer elements. And once you've done that, I do have a link below in the notes section on a Canva template that you can pull up and start putting in all your program offerings and the pricing. And that's the investment document that I would screen share with my prospect on the call when I'm stepping through what is included on my program. And that's something I'm going to teach you to do in next week's lesson as well. So go on over and start working out your Canva investment outline, and then we'll talk about how to utilize it in next week's call. I'll see you in the next lesson after this where we're going to talk about how to name your program. I'll see you then.
