---
Source Program: Accelerator Program
File Name: WEEK 4 - Creating Content That Converts.mp4
---

Welcome back. So in this lesson here, we're going to talk about creating the type of content that's going to help you to convert your follower to a client. And this is a part of your nurture process. Now when it comes to content creation, there's multiple different types of content that you can create on Instagram. And in this lesson here, we're specifically going to address content they create for your feed on your Instagram. And of course, there's also video content like Instagram stories, reels, IGTV and Instagram life. And I'm going to talk about that in next week's lesson. And one of the most common question when I see clients is that they often ask me how often should I be posting on Instagram? Now with Instagram, if you're posting more often, you're more than likely to be reaching more people. That means that you could potentially have the account, have the ability to grow your account much quicker. But I want you to think of your Instagram as a marathon. Your strategy needs to be sustainable. So you want to make sure that you're not burning yourself out, posting a ton of content to start with. So in the early days, you might be someone with more time on your hands if you're starting out. So you want to consider posting a little bit more often, like around five times a week. Now this also includes your video content, like your Instagram reels as well. And as you get busier, you'll want to scale back. As your account is growing bigger, you have more clients, then you can take a step back and maybe reduce it to three or four times a week. The quality of your post definitely trumps quantity. And you want to make sure that you're not so focused on making your feed post look so picture perfect, like a magazine. You want to make sure that you're also creating valuable content and listening and looking at what your audience really likes by checking your analytics and creating content that your audience wants. And then you also want to make sure that you're posting at peak times. So the way to look at this is by checking your insights. Now you'll only have the ability to access the insights, which is the analytics once you hit a hundred followers. So in the beginning, I recommend posting at about 6 p.m. to 8 p.m. your local time, because then most people will be at home, they're winding down for the evening, and they'll be checking their phones. And I say your local time because Instagram will most likely be suggesting your account to people in your local area in the state that you're in to start with. And then as your account grows bigger, you're going to be able to see where your followers are from. And then you can choose the peak times of when your audience is on so you can post your post. Now when it comes to looking at your insights, bear in mind that your audience can be on a certain time, and that changes as the week progresses. So make sure you look at the different days. And engagement on your page definitely is so much better than just seeking likes. You want your followers to engage with your account because that really helps with the algorithm. And you want to create more posts that promote saves or share, because the algorithm really favors this type of content. And you also need to make sure that you include your handle, your account handle in your post because there's so many dodgy accounts out there these days who will repost content and not give credit to the source. So you want to protect your intellectual property and have your account handle in the post itself. Now I'm going to use one of my posts here as an example for you. So I've done a screenshot of one of my really well-performing posts. And you can see on here that this post itself has gotten a ton of engagement. It's got about 2,300 likes. It's got a ton of comments, 223, a ton of saves, and a ton of shares as well. And these are the kind of posts you want to create more of because your audience really engages with this kind of content. And you can also see one of my call to action for this post was to go click on the link in my bio to apply to work with me. So I had a total of 97 clicks as a result of this post, which is a really good result. And you can see from here as well that 79,000 of people saw my post and 74% of people saw my post were new followers. So you can see that this reached a whole ton of followers, which is a really good outcome for this post. So when you check your analytics, these are the things that you want to look at. I will also address how to track your analytics so you can set up your post to be successful. And we'll cover that in next week's video lessons. The next question that I commonly get asked is, what do I post? I know what my audience is struggling with, but I just don't know what kind of content to create. Now, this strategy that I'm going to teach you as part of the accelerator program, it's going to be a really important strategy to help you plan your content so you can create content with more ease. And the system that I use is called the content pillars. So as you would see on here, I've organized my posts into three and three. So that means the six pillars here. And I want you to imagine and compare this to your Instagram feed page. So you know that your post appears in rows of three. So what you can see here is that every five or six posts, you're going to see a similar kind of format again. So there's one, two, three, four, five, six different pillars. And I'm going to show you some examples of posts that you can create, and then I'll show you overall what it would look like. So the kinds of posts that are doing really well on Instagram at this stage is infographics. That's one of the types of posts that will promote the most amount of saves and shares. So one of the best types of posts to create is your left and right comparison. So as you can see on here, a post from the savvy dietitian, she's comparing between serving sizes and portion sizes. So on here, she's got left and right. Now, that's a really good way to summarize really complex nutrition information into simple concepts. And it's really easy for someone to get the gist of what you're trying to teach. All right. The next type is a post from the family nutritionist. So you can see on here that she's got nice little pictures showing different ways to present avocado to babies. And as you can see, when you look at it, it catches your eye because there's pops of colors and images of real food. Now, I recommend using images of real food. Don't use cartoon type images because they do blend in. They don't stand out as much. And then the next type to create is graphics. So things like that pie charts, graphs, little, you know, like bubbles like that. Those are really good ways of presenting information because it promotes people to save it for to come back to it later. The next type of post that you can create is recipes. So you can do that as a still image recipe or a video. Now, with this post here, I've done it as a carousel post. That means I've got multiple slides for this post. So people will be swiping and that means they'll be staying and reading my post for a lot longer than just putting all the ingredients, all the recipes, instructions, everything into one image because it gets so busy and it's really hard for people to read it. And most people are reading and watching, looking at Instagram on their mobile. So it'll be really hard for them to see. And that's why I've done it as a carousel post with multiple slides. You can also do it as a video as well. So you can film your own video recipe or you can share someone else's video recipe. But make sure you acknowledge the source or the person who's posted it, either by tagging them in the image or putting their account in your captions. Now, the next type of content that you can create is memes. Now, the next type of content that you can create is either memes or Giphy. I know a lot of you have been thinking there's no value to these posts. Like some of them are just funny. But you know what? Instagram is a platform where people go to to escape reality. They like to be entertained. And surprisingly, I used to think that these posts don't do as well and they don't provide much value. But these are my best performing posts because people find it funny. They find it interesting. They like to share it with a friend. They like to save it. They like to comment and tag a friend or something like that. So these kind of posts are really good. So you can do it as a Giphy where it's a moving image. And I do recommend tenor.com to get these Giphy videos. Now, I will put them on the worksheet for you so you can access them. The next type of post that you create. The next type of post that you can create is quotes. Now, quotes are also, again, something that people like to share or save it. So these are really easy and quick for me to create. And I find that my audience likes it too. And the next type of post is carousels. Now, carousel just means that there's multiple slides to your post. So the maximum number of carousel slides you can create is ten. So each slide links to the next one. So these are really helpful, really good for tips-based posts, like five tips for reducing bloating. Or here I've got five essential tools for starting in nutrition practice. So then you're getting people to swipe through and they stay on your feed or post much longer. So how everything will go together when you organize it. You want some variety in your feed, right? So I've just put up some examples of how the different pillars would come in together. So pillar number one for me could be infographics. Pillar number two could be an about me image or a reel. So that's a video content. So when you do reels, you want to also share that to your feed, okay? Because that will promote more people to watch it. And at this time of recording, Instagram is really favoring reels at the moment. So you want to create more reels to help gain your post to your reach to a wider audience. Now, if you're worried about creating reels or you're scared, you don't know what to do. I do have a masterclass that I've recorded for you in next week's lesson that takes you through how to create a reel and what ideas of posts that you can create. Now, the next pillar is recipe. Again, these can be a still image or a video recipe. And then number four could be a video where it's a reel, an IGTV or a Giphy. So notice how reels has appeared twice in my pillars. Like I said, it's really popular. So I want to do two of that in my pillars, in my feed. So it comes up more. And the next one is infographics. That's again, another really popular one. So they're repeating again. And the next one could be a testimonial. Now, depending on where you're based, you need to check the regulations for your profession. So for some people, like, for example, in Australia, as accredited practicing dietitians, we're not allowed to share testimonials because that's against our professional regulation body rules. So what you can do instead is to swap your testimonial for something else, or you can integrate a story about a client into your post. And how I recommend you do it is, for example, if you're talking about someone who, the emotions of living with IBS, the challenges. So you could integrate that into your captions by saying, I remember when one of my clients, Mary, bracket, not real name, came to see me, she was also struggling with X, Y, and Z emotions. And I know a lot of you would relate to this because it's far too common. It's inconvenient. Notice how I haven't say, Mary came to see me and she, we fixed her gut issues, a bloating, a constipation, all of this. And she left being really grateful for me. And she says, I'm an amazing dietitian. So I didn't include all of those details because that's testimonial and that's not good. And we can't use that in Australia. But if you're in other countries like the US or UK, I'm pretty sure your regulations are much more lenient and you can share testimonials. And that can help you to stand out. So you want to share some testimonials, which is a mixture of your face with the speech bubble, or you could do it as the client's face with what they say. Make sure it's easy to see. And you also bold the key points that you want people to see. You could also do it as a real. So there's multiple different formats to deliver your testimonial. Now, when it comes to your captions, this is a really important part. Now, a lot of people don't have a lot of time these days. So they are scrolling, scrolling, scrolling. So if your image is good, but your captions is too long or it's too hard to read, guess what they're going to do? They're going to scroll past and swipe to the next one. What you need to do is to first stop their scroll with a really good image, which is what I've shown there. It's bright, it's colorful, it conveys information. And then once you've done that, you want to start your post with a hook. So I get you to organize your captions into three different sections. Okay, again, see it like a sandwich method. So you've got your hook, which is the capturing line. So Instagram shows the first three lines on your captions as a preview. And then it entices people to click the more button to look at all the information that you've got in there. So you catch your headline or your hook needs to be something that your audience is searching for or common question or struggle that they face. So my hook here is asking people who are struggling to find their niche, have you been hearing about the idea of niching, but you have no idea how to start? Make sure you save this post. So I've kind of got my call to action there as well to promote people to hit that save button. And then once you capture the men, you want to educate. So that's your body of your captions. So that's where you share tips, you share key points, you share your story. I recommend when you write your captions, try and keep each paragraph short about two or three sentences, maybe even two sentences. You can always break up your key points into dot points or bullet points. So it's much easier to read. And then once you've done all of that, end with a call to action, always end with a call to action. And I get you to rotate between three to five different types of call to action. So a call to action could be hit the button in my link in bio to apply to work with me or download my free recipe ebook in my link in bio or comment below in the post. And let me know if you also struggle with X, Y and Z or tag a friend whom you know this would benefit. So you're rotating a call to action. So it's not always apply to work with me, apply to work with me or, you know, buy my program, buy my program. But you're also encouraging engagement or conversation. And depending on what type of post it is, you would have a slightly different type of call to action. For example, if you're doing a post recipe, your call to action will be go to the link in my bio and download my free recipe ebook. OK, so you need to see how you can link your call to action strategically to what type of post you're creating. All right. Now, in terms of your captions, there's a few things that I want to highlight. So you're limited to 2200 characters. Use it wisely. Now, some people will ask me, do I need to put my hashtags in the captions or in the comments? So I will quickly cover that here. And then you're going to hear more about it next week. So when it comes to hashtags, there's no difference whether you leave it in the post itself, the captions itself or in the comments. It just depends because if you put it in your captions, it's going to take up space and then or limit the number of characters you have for your actual content. So you need to then decide, do I want to put it in the comments? So it frees up all the space and it makes it look neat. So that's up to you. All right. And like I said, break up your points with emojis or bullet points and try and encourage some conversation. You know, for example, one of your call to action would be comment below and let me know what's your favorite way of cooking with sweet potato. So you're getting people to contribute and you want to make it easy for them to comment as well. So keep your question open ended. And don't be afraid to let your personality shine through. So if you're someone who's fun, speak in the tone or write in the tone that you would speak in. Try not to make it too scientific and definitely don't put any references in your captions unless you really need to. So I used to have clients that put the link to a journal article or to the link to a scientific website. You know, people don't really, the general consumer don't really care about that. And if you do have an academic or a dietitian or someone else who questions you about it, you can put the link in the comments. It just makes it more easy to read. All right. So that's all when it comes to your content pillars. I want you to head on over to the content pillar worksheet and start brainstorming what your content pillars are and throwing ideas under each one. And then you'll also get access to my spreadsheet where you can start planning your content on there. And I do recommend that you plan your content about two weeks in advance. If you can, a month in advance if you're super organized. All right. And then I also have a worksheet on guiding you how to write your captions. So go on over to the download section and you'll see all those resources there. All right. Wonderful. And once you've done that, I'll see you over in the next lesson where we will quickly talk about some of the important tools that you'll find really helpful for your Instagram account. I'll see you next.
