---
Source Program: Accelerator Program
File Name: WEEK 7 - Crafting You Signature Offer .mp4
---

Hello there, welcome back to week 7 of the accelerator program. So I know by now you should be feeling a little bit more comfortable with content creation on Instagram and some of you may even be getting one or two people slide into your DMs asking you about what you do, how you can help them and how they can possibly work with you. And I know by this... Hello there, welcome back to week 7 of the accelerator program. So I know by now you should be feeling a little bit more comfortable with content creation on Instagram and some of you may even be getting one or two people slide into your DMs asking you about what you do, how you can help them and how they can possibly work with you. And that's really exciting. Now before we go there, I want to help you... Hello there, welcome to week 7 of the accelerator program. Now by... Hello there, welcome back to week 7 of the accelerator program. So by now you should be feeling a little bit more comfortable with content creation on Instagram and some of you may even be getting one or two people slide into your DMs asking you about what you do, how you can possibly help them and how they can possibly work with you. Hello there, welcome back to week 7 of the accelerator program. So by now you should be feeling a little bit more comfortable with content creation on Instagram and some of you may even be getting one or two people slide into your DMs asking you about what you do, how you can possibly help them and how they can possibly work with you. And that's really exciting. And hence, this is why this week I want to go deeper into how to help you create your program framework and have an irresistible offer and we're going to talk about pricing your program and packaging it up as well. So let's get started. Now before I go into that, I want to address the question that I often get, which is, why you are? Hello there, welcome back to week 7 of the accelerator program. So by now you should be feeling a little bit more comfortable with content creation and some of you may even be getting one or two people slide into your DMs asking you about what you do, how you can possibly help them and how they can possibly work with you. And that's why this week in week 7 of the program, I want to dive deeper into helping you craft your irresistible program and we're going to talk about your program offers, how to put things together and package up as something that will be really enticing for people to sign up to. Now before I do that, I want to talk about the difference between selling sessions and packages or programs, because this is a common question that I get asked and I'm sure you might be wondering as well, how you can get started. Now when most people first start working online or even start their private practice, they would naturally go into the realm of selling sessions and booking people in session by session, four weeks later, six weeks later and things like that. Now what can happen in that process is that your clients may start to lose motivation along the way. They start to reschedule their appointments and push it further down or they may have lots of things pop up, work may be really busy and so they keep pushing back their appointments or they might cancel and disappear from the face of the earth. And I say this because I definitely saw that happen, not quite frequently, but I saw that happen when I was running my private practice and so client retention wasn't great. Now I do get some really good clients will keep coming back session by session, but what I noticed when I switched from that pay as you go model to packaging up my program or my solution is that clients came back so much more frequently. My clients were more committed to getting results and they were more committed to finishing the program because they've invested upfront for something. And so they got better results and much better outcomes. And me being a practitioner, I felt so much more fulfilled because I felt that clients were getting results. They were happier and professionally and made me feel so much more confident. And of course, from a business perspective, because my clients were coming back so much more frequently, they were getting that commitment to finishing the program as well. My revenue in business was so much better. So I'm going to dive deeper into this in the next couple of slides. Now one of the core incentives or enticing thing about people signing up to you and working with you is that they need to know that you have the step-by-step solution to helping them achieve their goals, to help them go from point A to point Z. And the core of this is having a program framework because it just sends signals and it tells the person that you have the experience, you've spent the time to craft up a step-by-step solution so you can help them go from point A to point Z much quicker without getting lost in between along the way. And now you might be asking me, why do I need a program framework? So I want you to think about your framework as the core backbone for your program. And when you have the core backbone, your program is so much stronger and it comes off as so much more credible. So it positions you as the expert in the field. And for example, for me, I'm not just known as a Monash qualified FODMAP dietician. I'm known for my program framework, the IBS Freedom Framework. And that's how I stand out from the crowded market because I have a unique program that doesn't just look like something that they can purchase from Monash University online for a much cheaper price. And it certainly helps to create order out of creative chaos as well, because when you have so many different options, so many possible pathways to take with a client, it becomes so much more inefficient and you can get lost along the way. So can your clients. They get confused and then they would just drop out and not come back. So when you have your framework, your clients are so much clearer about the process or the steps that they have to take to get from point A to point Z. And so they end up finishing your program and getting good results. All right. And the last part of this is that it makes your marketing so much easier when you have a program framework. When you share about your program, you're just not talking about you work with me for three months and you have this, this and this and the features, you actually have a framework or the different phases of your program that you teach. And it just makes you seem so much more knowledgeable and so much more credible. Now I'm going to show you how to craft your program framework using my example for my IBS to Freedom program. So my IBS to Freedom program has five different phases. So I break it down into the step by step stage or phase that I take each and every client through. And yes, some clients will make minor tweaks, but this is the core structure. So the first stage is we'll talk about first line treatment when someone starts working with me. And the second stage is FODMAP elimination, third stage FODMAP challenges, stage number four FODMAP reintroduction and stage number five, long-term gut health. Now you would have noticed that stage two, three and four seems really similar to the Monash low FODMAP diet program. And yes, it is very similar because that's been heavily researched and proven to be effective for people with IBS. And of course I'm going to use evidence in my practice. But what I realized through working with clients is that we can't just jump straight. But what I realized is that, but what I realized through working with clients is that we can't just jump straight into the low FODMAP diet. There's a few things that we need to address first and hence I cover first line treatment before someone jumps into the low FODMAP diet. And then when someone finishes the FODMAP reintroduction phase, I realized that I need to teach my clients how to maintain those results that they've achieved. What do they need to do when they go travel and how can they troubleshoot when something pops up? And that's why I've added all the different phases on top and at the bottom to give you my IBS freedom framework. And that is something that I believe very strongly in that clients who go through my program will get the results because they have those step-by-step framework and guidance. So the next thing that I do after I've come up with my five stages is that I then start to map out how long it would take someone to move through all the different phases. So you can see here, week one, we talk about the first line treatment and week number two to six, we talk about the elimination phase and I give my clients time to implement what we talk about as well. And then week seven to 15, we talk about the challenges. So that's when I hold my client's hand and set them through each FODMAP challenge group one by one. And then we move on to the FODMAP reintroduction phase between week 16 to 18. And then on the very last week of the program, we talk about long-term gut health and I teach my clients how to maintain all the improvements that they've gotten and sustain it for the long-term. So my program goes for five months. And then the next thing that I do is then I start to map out how many sessions that they will need with me to move through all those five different phases and help them get results. So this is just an example. All right. So I would tell my clients that my program is a 20 weeks program and you have eight sessions with me and these are the things that we're going to cover in each phases. And then I would then start to map out the resources and the handouts or worksheets that I'm going to give to my clients to complement my five different phases. And I've just jot down examples and ideas about what I need to give my clients. It's not at all comprehensive list. I'm just doing this to show you examples of what you would put down in the workbook. All right. And the next thing that I do after that, after mapping out all my resource ideas, is then I start to include other things I want to add on on top of my core offer, which is I offer weekly food journal review for my clients. So then they get immediate feedback from me on a weekly basis, knowing what to work on and how they can get better symptom control. I also offer email support so I tell my clients they can email me when they have questions and include a whole range of recipes to help them implement all the things I teach them. So it gives them an idea or something, somewhere to get started with. So I want you to remember the most important thing. This is where I see a lot of people getting stuck at, is that they try to teach people everything that they know. And as dieticians and nutritionists, we've been through so much training and we know a lot of science. So we like to teach people everything that we know, we like to share it with them. And when you share so much of what you know, it can sometimes seem really complicated and very overwhelming. So your clients who come into this can seem really overwhelmed and not take action. So what I want to remind you about before you go off and create your own program framework is that I want you to teach your clients what they need to know to achieve their goal. Teach them all the practical stuff that will get them from point A to point Z. Don't worry about overwhelming them with all the science, the pathophysiology or the complicated medical terms. Yes, some of them they may need to know, but don't bulk up your program with all of those information that your client's going to come in, feel really overwhelmed and not complete your program. All right. So now it's over to you. Your turn. I want you to head on over to the resource section and download the signature program workbook. There's a few different sections in there and I want you to start with completing section one, which is talking about pulling your program content and putting that together. All right. So have fun and I will see you over in the next lesson.
