---
Source Program: Accelerator Program
File Name: WEEK 12.1 - Scaling with a Hybrid Approach.mp4
---

Welcome to week 12 of the Accelerator program. I want to congratulate you for making it this far. You're right at the very end and we're in the last week of the program. And I'm super excited to see where you're going to take this. Okay, let's try again. Hey there, congratulations for making it to week 12 of the Accelerator program. I'm so excited to know that you've made it this far and I cannot wait to see where you're going to take this from here on. Now this week, we're going to wrap up the program and talk about how you can scale and take what you've got and build it into five to 10K months and a multiple six-figure business over time. And I'm super excited to share this revolutionary approach with you, something that I've created, it's called the hybrid approach. And I'm going to go through the details of how you can do that. Now, first of all, before I go there, I want to quickly talk about three different types of clinicians or scenarios with you to help you picture where we can take this. Now, clinician A here is a bulk billing dietician. So she works at a medical center and she sees around 40 clients a week. So it's a really packed schedule. And for each client that she sees, she gets $54.60 from Medicare. So with 40 clients and then 40% of what she earns go to rental at the medical center. So essentially all she gets is $1,300 in her pocket at the end of each week. So her monthly revenue, it's around five grand. Now, clinician B, which is essentially what a lot of you are doing right now, you are offering packages as an online dietician. And for example, this clinician here signs on two new clients a month and for each client she charges $8.50. So that means she gets $1,700 as a revenue. And when you're online, the expenses are really small. You don't pay rent. So your profit will be quite high as well. So let's just, for the sake of the argument, said that her revenue or profit is $1,700 in her pocket. And then where you can take this and scale these even further, because a lot of us... So clinician B here is probably... So clinician B here is probably where some of you are at at the moment where you are online and you offer packages working with clients one-on-one. And let's say this clinician here signs on two clients a month and she charges $8.50 for each package. That means her revenue is going to be $1,700 per week. And we know that when you're online, your expenses are really low. So let's say for argument's sake, that her profits are most of what she earns. So it's $1,700 per week. Now, very quickly, clinician B is going to reach a point where she maxed out with the number of new clients that she can take on each week or each month. And so she's very quickly going to see that her revenue will cap at a certain amount, let's say around $5,000 to $6,000 a month because she has a part-time job. So we're going to look at how we can help clinician B scale what she's got and help her to achieve that $5,000 to $10,000 months and beyond. And the way that we do this would be an example through clinician C. So clinician C is an online dietitian that offers a hybrid program. And she charges $1,600 for her program. And let's say she signs two new clients a week. That means that she's going to get $3,200 per week. So if she consistently signs two clients a week, which is eight clients a month, then her revenue is going to be $1,200, $1,300. So you can see how we can easily scale this by doing this hybrid approach and also working with less clients as well so you're not burning out. So I'm going to share with you the secret sauce that I've got, which is the hybrid approach program to help my clients scale what they've got and take them to $5,000 to $10,000 months or a six-figure year. So essentially, a hybrid approach is a combination approach. So it's a combination of one-on-one coaching with you. Your clients have access to an online course portal. So that's where you might have videos and things like that for them to tap into. And then they also have access to a community of people who are going through the same problems as they are, and they get supported by the community in that process as well. So what it would look like to give you an example would be, let's say, we've got a three-month IBS program here. The clients would get access to you one-on-one, let's say, through bi-weekly coaching calls. So every two weeks, they jump on a call with you. And then on the alternate fortnight, they would have email check-ins. So that's the one-on-one element. And then we're going to leverage that by also using an online course portal. So your clients are able to get the majority of the content and learning in your program through the online course portal. And that would be something like this on Kajabi, which is my online course portal. You guys get access to my video trainings like this. You get PDFs and worksheets that I've created for you. You can also throw in recipes and meal plans and things like that as well. So your client goes into this one platform to access everything that you have for them. So you can certainly why in last week's lesson, I recommended for you to think about streamlining your deliverables, which is things that would go into your online course portal. So it makes it easier, more efficient, and there's less likelihood of things going missing when you email something to your clients. So certainly a really beneficial asset in your program. And the next part of it is the community, which could be something like a private Facebook group. And when you add all of that together, my friends, you can charge anywhere between $1,200 to $3,000. So it just depends on what your program is and what's included. And let's say here, you know, this investment is $1,800 for the program. So you can certainly get more value and deliver more of that to your clients and to be able to receive more revenue in return as well. So I'm going to share with you what an online course portal would look like and how it can help you. So an online course portal would essentially house the repeatable steps in your program. And that's what we call your core content. The core things that you teach, all your clients would go into the program. It helps you to save time. It makes things more efficient because you don't have to repeat the same things to 50 clients. You just have to spend the time to create it once and then you can get more people to access it. So essentially you can create more impact with what you've got and to be able to multiply and scale your business beyond the hours that you can put in traditionally. So you don't burn out as easily. It also bulks up your offer as well. When you have an online course portal, you can charge anywhere between $500 to $1,500 for it, or even more. It depends on how much value you're delivering. And you can really pack a lot of things in to bump up the total value of your program. So then your offer goes from $850 to $1,600 or even more. When you have an online course portal, you're going to find that your clients will be less reliant on you. They would often be able to find the answers to their questions on your course portal. So then they don't email you as much. They don't contact you as much. I mean, it's still really important to communicate and remain in touch with your clients, but you're going to find that you are helping your clients build independence so they can find the answers on their own, on the resource or platform that you've created. So they don't keep coming back to you that often. And my friends, it can also, with an online course platform, add an additional income stream that's more passive to your business. So with the hybrid course or program approach, you have the component of the online course and what you can do after this is pull it out and then sell your online course on its own. And that's incredibly easy to do because it's the same thing that you've already created. So what you'll do then is learn how to sell that on automation in the background. And that's the kind of stuff that we'll teach you to do on the next program in the six months mastermind. So if this sounds really interesting to you and you're curious to find out more about how you can take what you've learned in this program to grow it and scale it bigger and get to consistent 5k months or 10k months and beyond, or even a six figure year, then go and watch the next video because I'm going to share with you the next steps and what other things to think about when it comes to creating your online hybrid program. I'll see you over there.
