---
Source Program: Accelerator Program
File Name: Week 10.2 - Accelerating Your Growth.mp4
---

All right, welcome back. So in this lesson here, I'm going to go through some tips and share with you how you can accelerate your Instagram growth, because you must be thinking, I'm already doing everything. I'm still going through the Instagram growth challenge that Sharlyn's given me, but I'm a little bit impatient and I just want to grow a little bit quicker. So I want to share with you some tips that you can implement now, or even for months and years beyond this as well, to be able to grow your account quicker. Now some of the tips I'll share with you may not be relevant for you right now, but I just wanted to put this in here so you can utilize it down the track when it's time. First up, in order to grow your Instagram account and get more organic reach right now, the biggest thing is to post more reels. Now Instagram is still really favoring reels because at this stage, it's a fairly new feature. It's only been released for a few months. And Instagram is pushing out more reels than ever to its consumer because it gets people to stay on the platform longer. So I recommend for you to tap into this as much as you can and post as many reels as you can in order to grow your account quicker. And as a minimum, I would suggest posting one reel a week. And if you can, post more, up to three a week if you can. I know Instagram's best practice is recommending for you to post four to seven reels a week, which I recognize is a little bit unrealistic for a lot of us. So my minimum would be once a week for you guys. And if you can, up to three reels a week. And it might be really helpful to think about how you can repurpose some of the content that you already have and put it out there as a reel instead, because a lot of people have said to me that they're finding it much easier and much quicker to put out reels than to actually create posts. So you might want to think about this and think about how you work if you're someone who is much quicker and better at creating videos in the format of reels, then definitely go ahead and do that. And I highly recommend that you look through and look for trends. So use music that's trending, post reels that are popular, and jump on any viral trends as well. I see this a lot from time to time, like for example, a while ago, there was a pizza viral trend for TikTok, so a lot of people jumped on it on Instagram as well. So look for trends and hop on those because it will increase the likelihood of your reel getting seen by more people. And don't forget to use up to 30 hashtags per post as well. Again, it doesn't matter if you put it in the captions or as a comment, remember to use hashtags to broaden your reach. And I personally actually use TikTok for ideas because I find that accounts on TikTok are a lot more creative and they tend to be trendsetters as well. So I do have a TikTok account, which I don't really post to very often. It might be my 2021 or 2022 goal to post more. But anyhow, I go on to TikTok and look for ideas and trends to use for my Instagram reels. So you can also consider doing this. And the second feature or thing that you can use on Instagram is the Instagram live feature. Instagram again, likes you to utilize as many features as possible, and it does favor live. So when you go live, all your audience gets notified that you are live. So it's going to push you right to the top on the story wheel, right on top of the screen and get more people to notice you. So it's a really good way for you to become more visible to your audience. And the best thing that you can do, because Instagram now allows you to have up to four people in your live sessions. So if you host a live and invite people to join you, for example, you might want to cross collaborate with other accounts. You might approach an account that has more followers than you, invite them onto your show or your live, and you can talk about a topic because when you do that, your audience get notified that you're going live and their audience also gets notified that they're going live with you. So that's a really good way for you to gain more visibility and grow your audience. And then once you've done your live, it will ask you to save it as a video on your mobile or you want to repurpose that as IGTV. You can do that as well. So you might want to share that to your IGTV and then also share that post to your feed. And then remember to tag the person that you went live with. So then they can reshare that with your audience as well. So you've got one piece of content that you put out on Instagram live, repurpose it on your feed and IGTV, and then they will also be able to share that as well. So that's a really important tip for you there. And the third one is to look at writing guest blog posts. Now initially you may not have a website created and often, you know, with clients they don't. And the third one is to look at writing a guest blog post for other people. So initially when you're starting out, I don't recommend that you have a website or spend too much time on putting together a website. You can certainly do that if you have the time, finance and creativity to do that. But often a lot of people don't have a website for a while and that's completely okay as well because your Instagram account is going to act as your website. But being on Instagram does expose you to give you the opportunity to connect with more people around the world. So in the past, I've certainly been approached by a lot of the bigger companies to go on there and share and write a blog post for them. Like for example, Epicure has approached me that clean live. There's a lot of different bigger companies that's approached me to write a blog post for the audience. And so by doing that, that increases my visibility. And so that when they post it to the social media as well, it helps me to gain more followers. So I recommend that you guys do that. Now to start off with, you may not have many people approach you so you can reach out to other accounts or other organizations and volunteer your time to write a post for them. And they would often quite happily accept it if you're in the niche and it's relevant for the audience because it's free content for them to be able to use as well. So you might want to pitch yourself to some of these bigger accounts. And then once the blog goes live, then they would of course tag you and then you can share it with your social media channels and on your website if you have one. You can even use the same blog post and pop it on your website as well because that's really good for SEO, which is search engine optimization purposes. Now the next one on the list is podcasting. Now you may not be keen on starting your own podcast and of course this is a very advanced strategy as well. So I just want to have a disclaimer that I don't expect you guys to start a podcast right away. I haven't got a podcast at this point of recording, but I'm going to be starting one. So in the beginning, you might want to look at pitching yourself to other podcasts and seeing if they would be happy to have you on their show. And a lot of times. And the next strategy that you could consider leveraging is podcasting. Now to begin with, I recognize that a lot of you may not want to start a podcast. It's a very advanced strategy, so I wouldn't expect you to do that. But what you can do in the beginning to gain more visibility and to grow your reach is to pitch yourself to other people's podcasts. And a lot of people would be more than happy to have you as a guest on their show as well, especially if your audience crosses over, you're in the similar niche and it helps them to create free content, right? So this is really helpful for you to pitch yourself to different accounts with a podcast and see if they would like to invite you onto the show. Again, it's something that you can share to your social media channels and get them to link back to your website and your socials as well once they've published the podcast in the show notes. And a bonus tip here for you is looking at leveraging Pinterest as a way to grow and repurpose your current content. Now this is a bonus tip and a really special tip that I wanted to share with you guys because at this point of recording, not a lot of people know about it. So a lot of people are not aware, but Pinterest actually comes up in Google searches. So it's a really good way for you to get people discovered. So it's a really good way for other people to reach and read you. Now here's a bonus tip for you and a secretive tip as well, because at this point of recording, not a lot of people know about it. And that is to pin your interests and that is to pin your Instagram posts to Pinterest. Now I recognize that the audience on Pinterest can be a little bit different. And then so right here, I've got a bonus tip for you and a little bit of a secret as well, because not a lot of people know about this and what you can do is to use the content that you're already posting on Instagram. So you're not creating new content, you're pinning that post to Pinterest. So then when people are searching on Pinterest for certain topics, your posts are more likely to come up. So you'll reach a slightly different group of audience there. And also Pinterest comes up in Google searches. So a lot of people don't know this. So what you will want to do is to pin your posts to Instagram, put in some keywords that your audience is searching for. So then when they're searching for it on Google, then your posts will be likely to come up. So you can see how one form of content on Instagram can be repurposed onto different platforms and increase your reach and visibility. And this is a secret tip, right? So not a lot of people know about it to increase your audience size. So what you're going to do, I'm going to show you on this next screen here, is the first thing that you would do is go to your Instagram post, click on the three dots on top next to your post here, and then go click on copy link. So you want to copy the exact link and then pin it to your Pinterest board. So this is your Pinterest screenshot. So what I would suggest is you would attach the image, give it a title. So in the title, you would want to include keywords for SEO purposes. So thinking about what your audience is searching. I remember when you did the research back in the earlier weeks of this program, where I've asked you to use answerthepublic.com to search for topics. So you could type in very similar keywords here, like how to stop diarrhea or how to reduce bloating, for example. That's what people would often search for. So make sure you insert those keywords into your title. And then your description is where you would share a little bit more about that post, like five ways to reduce bloating by modifying your diet or something like that. So you would include more of a description there. And then that's the place where you would pop the link that you copied across from there. And then the alt text here is again, another really beneficial and helpful place for you to add additional keywords for SEO purposes, because that's where people will be able to read it if they're vision or hearing impaired. And now the next one here is the alt text. That's another really key feature that you can leverage in order to grow your SEO. All right. And the next part here is the alt text. This is a really cool feature that a lot of people don't know about. So you get that on Instagram as well. But basically alt text is basically a description for people who are visually impaired. And this will have certain keywords that you can put in again, like IBS, bloating or if you are in other fields like fertility, IVF, nutrition, sperm health, all of those pop those keywords in here because that will again expose your reach to a slightly different group of audience. And that would also increase your visibility on the platform. All right. So I hope you enjoy it. I've given you five ways to accelerate your growth on Instagram. So I'm just going to quickly recap that is to post more reels, co-host an Instagram live so you can tap into other people's audience. Third one is to write a guest post and then to re-share that onto Instagram and then tag the other people that you're writing the blog post for. And four is to pitch yourself to a podcast so you can grow your reach that way to a slightly different audience. And the fifth and bonus tip is to pin your post Instagram. And the fifth and final tip is to pin your Instagram post to Pinterest and that will broaden your reach and increase your visibility on Google. So I hope you like this and let me know once you've implemented these strategies how you went. I'll see you in next week's lesson.
