---
Source Program: Accelerator Program
File Name: Week 10.1 - Building Deeper Connections.mp4
---

Welcome back to week 10 of the accelerator program. Now this week I'm going to be teaching you how to leverage the direct message or DM feature on Instagram to help you build a deeper connection with your audience and ultimately drive more sales to your business. Now you might be thinking here, is it going to involve some salesy or icky messages that you're going to be sending? And I would say first up that there is none of that here because what I teach you guys and rely a lot on is on the attraction marketing strategy because I want you and for myself as well to be able to attract the right people to come to you. So instead of going out there and cussing your net really wide and sending people a bunch of DMs and turning some people away, you're going to work on creating really fun, good, valuable, engaging content to draw in the right kind of people. So you want to make sure that your messaging is on point, that you're speaking to ideal points, pain points. And so people who resonate with what you've got out there, you'll then invite them to send you a direct message or DM to dive into that further. And then you would go nurture them in your DM, start a conversation. And then eventually, if it's the right person that you think will be suitable for your program, you're going to send them a link to book in a discovery call. So there's one mistake I want you to be aware of is to not send your booking link straight away unless that's what they're asking for. I would want to start a genuine conversation with them first, just like how you would meet someone for the first time. You want to get to know them a little bit more before you invite them to go out again and hang out. So you want to make sure that you're not coming on too strongly. And the other thing I thought I'll quickly mention here is that you also have the voice and video feature available to you on your DMs. So if you are someone who prefer to send a voice message because it's easier for you to express yourself or you're much better on video, then you might just want to do that instead of texting back to them. So I thought I'll quickly mention this because a lot of people did know that's available. And of course, it's going to sound a lot more personal as well. And the other feature that I'll quickly share with you within the DM section is that you can also send voice and video messages to people. So quite often when someone sends me a DM, if I don't have time to go sit there and respond, I'm going to quickly record a voice message and send it back to them. Or sometimes I really might do a video message as well. So that could be something that you can consider because it's going to come across as being more authentic and genuine. And it does say a lot about you wanting and putting in the effort to help them as well. So the other feature that I thought I'll quickly mention here is that you have the audio and video feature. So the other feature that I want to quickly share with you is that you have the audio and video feature available to you within the DM section. So the other thing that I thought I'll quickly mention to you here is that you have the DM. So the other thing that I thought I'll quickly mention to you is that you have the voice and video messaging reply capacity. So the other thing that I thought I'll quickly mention to you is that you have the video and audio. So the other thing that I thought I'll quickly mention to you is that you have the audio and video function or feature available to you within your DMs. So if you're someone who doesn't have a lot of time, it might be quicker and easier for you to be able to record an audio in response to someone's question or a video message as well, because it's going to come across as being a lot more personal. So you might want to consider using this if you don't have the time to type out messages. Now, when it comes to getting leads through your DMs, there's two ways to do it. So the first one is looking at driving leads into your DM. So that's the inbound DM strategy that I'm going to be sharing with you about. And the second one is the outbound DM strategy where you're sending messages to people, and none of it has to be icky or salesy once again. And I just want to emphasize that. So I'm going to teach you exactly how to do it without feeling icky. So there's two strategies when it comes to DMs. So there's two strategies when it comes to leveraging DMs to build deeper connection on this platform. So the first one is looking at outbound Instagram. So there's two strategies when it comes to using Instagram DMs as a way for you to try. So there's two strategies when it comes to driving more DMs into your... So there's two strategies when it comes to leveraging DMs to build deeper connection on this platform. And the first one is looking at an inbound... So there's two strategies when it comes to driving... Oh, God, why can't I talk? So there's two strategies when it comes to leveraging the DM feature to build a deeper connection on this platform. So strategy number one, it's about driving more leads to your DM. So that's the inbound DM strategy. And then we've also got the outbound DM strategy where we're looking at sending DMs to your ideal clients. Now, there's definitely a non-icky, non-salesy way of doing that. So hang in there and I'll share that with you very shortly. So when we talk about inbound DMs, there's four ways, four different features that you can leverage to get people to send you a DM. So the first one is your Instagram DM. So the first one is your Instagram Stories DM strategy, and then your feed posts or through your reels, IGTV, and then Instagram Live. So looking at the first one, which is Instagram Stories. Now, I want you to get that there is a balance. There needs to be a balance between you sharing available slash educational content and then your personal life as well, because a lot of people are very private and they hesitate about sharing about their private life. So the good news is you don't have to share everything about your private life. And I tend to go for around 80% educational and then 20% private or personal. So your personal content could involve you sharing with people what you're working on behind the scenes or what you do on the weekend, going for walks, for example, or just what you're doing for the day. So that can be personal. And then educational, it's around creating value or answering questions that your ideal clients would often have. So it could be sharing some hacks or some tips around doing something. You could be talking about a post that you just posted and diving deeper into that topic. Or one strategy that I use back in then with my IBS account is to do a weekly Saturday night label reading quiz for FODMAPs. So what I do is I just pop up a label for a product and then get people to guess if it's low FODMAP or high FODMAP and then what ingredients did they identify that's high FODMAP. So I'm giving you permission if you want to steal this idea. And what I'm doing through this is I'm engaging with my audience. I'm getting them to stop creating show stopping or scroll stopping. So what I'm doing here is I'm creating scroll stopping content. So I'm getting my audience to stop and interact and think about it. So what I'm creating here is scroll stopping content. So I'm getting my audience to stop, look at it, and then interact with it because that's also going to create that next level connection when they start engaging with your content. And then once I've done that, then the next day I'm going to then turn that into something educational and explaining and teaching around that label and why it's high FODMAP or low FODMAP. So when it comes to Instagram stories, you want to create a balance between educational available content and your personal life. So I usually say around 80% educational and then 20% personal. And what you want to do is create content on your stories that people would engage with. For example, you might want to share hacks or tips around something that will make your ideal client's lives easier. You could be going deeper and diving into a post and sharing more about that in your stories. And the other really cool feature that I want you to leverage is using the quiz or the poll function. And what you can do is encourage someone to tap on it. And then once they've done that, you can then respond. So how you would do that would be, for example, I did a poll a while ago on my coaching account. And then I asked people, do you often get questions from your audience wanting free advice or something personal to them that you can't just answer, right? You need to dive deeper. So for example, it could be around people asking you what probiotics is best for them. And you know, you can't just answer it straight away. So you might do a poll for that. So for example here, I've put up a poll for my audience asking them, is it a problem for them where they are receiving messages from their ideal clients? So an example here is I put out a poll a while ago on my coaching account, asking people if they do receive messages from other people, which is their audience, asking them for free advice. Because I know that's something that affects a lot of my ideal clients and a lot of people get very frustrated at this. So then I put a poll on there asking them to tap yes, or I'm hearing crickets, which is no essentially because no one's contacting them. And notice how I've gone from yes and I'm hearing crickets instead of yes and no. And that's something I want you to think about because you want people to still tap and engage. And often if people say no, they're not going to engage anyway. So when I do my poll, I go yes, or hell yes, or yes, or please send me more information, something like that. So either way, you know who kind of needs help. And then I would go look at those people who answered, I'm hearing crickets, and then send them a DM. And you know, perhaps find out a little bit more about the challenge that they are facing. Because once they tap and engage with your poll, then when you respond, you can reply to that individual. They know who you are already because they've engaged with you. So then you can go deeper into that conversation with them. So it's a really good favorable feature that I want you to leverage because it really helps you to open up and connect with your audience on another level. And the other thing is I see a lot of people saying that, oh, I put out a question sticker saying, ask me a question, but no one ever asked you a question. So I want you to think about it as you... So a lot of people say to me, oh, I put out a question sticker, but no one ever responds to that. And so what I want you to consider is if you're a consumer, if you're on the other person, on the other side, and you see someone saying, ask me a question, is it going to be something easy for you to respond to? Or do you have to sit there and think a little bit before you ask that question? And so it can be a little bit hard for your ideal clients to jump on and type in something as well. So what I would suggest is using quizzes and polls because it's much easier for them to interact with that kind of content. And then it's a lot more likely for them to see your posts higher up in their feed because they've already engaged with you and Instagram is going to show your posts to them more often. So it does make it easier for your audience to engage with your story or your quiz sticker when you put it as a quiz or a poll. So I would suggest if you're hearing crickets, when you put out, ask me a question sticker, create a quiz or do a poll for it to make it easier for your ideal clients to engage with it. And you know what? Once they start engaging with it, they might tap or answer your quiz or something like that. Instagram is going to recognize that this person is interested in your content. And then it's going to be more likely for your posts to show up earlier in your feed because Instagram wants to show people the content that they are interested in. Now, the second one is looking at feed posts or reels, IGTV and Instagram live. So I want you to put into your content, your captions to say that, you know. So the second part about driving leads to your DM is on creating very clear call to action on your feed post on your IGTV or Instagram live. And that means you want to include a call to action, inviting them to send you a DM. Or you can say, go to link my Bayou. But I find that that sometimes isn't very effective. So then what I do is I get people to DM me because it's easier for them to DM me, right? And tell me what they're struggling with. And then we can open up a conversation from there on because they might not know what LinkedIn Bayou means, right? So it can happen because a lot of people are still fairly new to the platform, but we forget about that. The next question that I often get from dietitians and nutritionists is that, oh, how do I deal with all these people who are sending me DMs wanting free advice? It's so frustrating, right? I just feel like ignoring it because they may not even be an ideal client, right? So my advice to you is don't ignore it just yet. You want to be able to provide value. You want to be helpful. And the fact that they're messaging you means that they are interested in what you... And the fact that they're messaging you just means that they are interested. Now, let's start from here. So the other question of frustration that often hear people voice is that I get DMs or messages all the time from people wanting personal advice, and it's so frustrating. What can I do? Such a waste of time, right? So my advice to you is, yes, I know it can be annoying, but understand that the fact that they're reaching out to you is a good sign. They're considered a warm lead because they are interested in what you have got to say. They want help, right? They just don't quite understand that your help costs money just yet. So what you want to do is turn that into an opportunity, right? Into a sale. So the other question that I often get from dietitians and nutritionists... So the other question that I often get from clients I work with is that they would say something like, oh, how do I deal with all these DMs I get from people wanting free advice to give me a long essay about their life and expect me to be able to give them specific tips? And it's such a waste of my time, and I don't know if it's worth my time responding to all these DMs. And my advice to you is not to ignore it because the fact that these people are sending you a DM means that they're interested in what you've got to do or say, and they're looking for help. And we refer to these people as warm leads. So they're warm because they're interested versus cold leads, people who are not even interested in what you've got, so it's harder to convert them. Whereas people who are warm leads who already know you, and they're interested and keen to learn more means that there is an opportunity for you there to tap into. So you want to see how you can turn that opportunity into a sale and convert them from a sales call. So what I would recommend is I've put an example script there for you just to see how it unfolds in the conversation and what I would normally do. So I might have a prospect coming to me and saying, hey, what do you think of X, Y, and Z probiotics? I get that all the time, right? And we know that it's not something that we can answer straight away without assessing them or getting to know their history. Then I'll say something like, hi, so-and-so, thanks so much for reaching out. Can you share with me why are you interested in X, Y, and Z probiotics? Because you can see what I've done there. I've kind of flipped the question back to them because I want to understand a little bit more. And these are typical things that we would ask them during a discovery call or an assessment as well. You want to find out why they're interested and what led them there. And then the person might say, oh, I have IBS. My friend told me about this probiotic, that it would help, right? And then I would say, I see. Can you share with me more about what you're experiencing as in the symptoms that you're experiencing? And have you even spoken to your doctor about your gut issues? So that's something that I would ask in the screening questionnaire. So I'm kind of asking these as well to kind of gauge if they're the right people that I can help. And then they would say something like, yes, my doctor has told me to just eat more fiber or gave me a list to follow, but I'm still lost. I've found that it makes me worse and I don't know what to do anymore. See, I've turned the conversation from what's the best probiotic for me to, oh, you know, I'm struggling with these symptoms and I need help. And then I would say something like, I see, thank you so much for sharing that with me. I get that there is a lot of conflicting information out there, so it can get super confusing. Would you like me to help you with that? And then they'll say, yes, that would be great. They'll often say, yes, I don't think they'll say no. Yes, I'm sick of feeling this way and I really need help. Then I will start to reveal to them a little bit more about how I can help them. So I'll say something like, fantastic. I actually have a 12 week IBS freedom program for someone like you who's struggling to manage IBS. If you're keen to find out more, we can organize a complimentary discovery call so I can find out more about you and help you to get some clarity so you can walk away with a plan of how to move forward. Would you like me to send you the link? So that's the link to your discovery call. So what you're going to do here is to ask them for permission to send them the link. You're not forcing them and throwing it on them. You're explaining to them how you can help them and then you send them the link for them to take the next step. And then they'll say, yes, book me in.


Or if they say no and they keep pushing you to try and get the answer out of you of which probiotic is best for them, then they're unlikely going to be the right kind of clients for you because they're not looking to pay or invest in someone to help them and they're just looking for a quick fix or a quick answer, so then I wouldn't waste my time on that. So hopefully it gives you a bit of more clarity and steps as well, knowing how to lead a conversation from someone asking such a specific question to then opening up the opportunity for you to jump on a call to discuss that more and they're going to be more likely to convert. Now some people would ask, what do I do with spam DMs? I get them all the time. I personally also get them a lot with both my accounts and spam DM accounts are usually look like that, that they've got no followers, they've got no posts, they've got no profile photos. So you know that they're just bot accounts, for example, and you can usually see the messages straight away. They just spam you with a link or say, follow this person, this person. And usually with these spam accounts, you can tell straight away from the type of message that they send you and it's usually promoting something or promoting someone, getting you to follow them, then promising you wild and crazy things. So you can tell straight away. So those kinds of accounts, you can just delete and ignore. In fact, if they're following you, I encourage you to remove them from your follower because it would dilute your engagement and affect your algorithm reach as well. So the algorithm is of course not going to punish you from not responding to these comments. And like I said, it would be best if you've removed them from your following count. So it doesn't affect your reach. Now, now if they happen to say no, and now the next step is if they don't, now the next step is if they don't go ahead and book the, now the next step from here is that once you've sent them the booking link, you want to flag the message on your DM to follow up. And now the next step from here is to make sure that they actually go ahead and book a call from the booking link that you send them. So what you can do while you're waiting is go to your DM right on top here. You'll see. So the next step from here is that once you send them the link to book in the discovery call, you want to make sure that they actually follow through to book in a call as well. So while you're waiting, that's a little cool feature here, right on top there of your messages, DMs, where it's got a little flag. So you can flag it and be able to see who you've sent the booking link to and hasn't book in a call. And then once they've done that, you've seen the booking link come through. So once you've done start again. So the next step from here, once you send them the booking link for your discovery call is to actually make sure that they go ahead and book in a call. And while you're waiting for that confirmation to come through, you don't want to forget about these people as well. So what you can do is go right to the top of the message and then go and flag this message. So there's a little flag there, which you can tap on. So then it will come up quite clearly on your DMs that this message needs to be followed up. So then you can know, okay, who's booked it and who hasn't. And once you've seen the confirmation email come through that the person has booked it in, I'll go back to the DM and say, great, received it confirming that we've got you booked in for tomorrow at this time, I'm really looking forward to speaking with you. Then you unflag it and then you go ahead with it. Otherwise, I know that you guys can get a lot of DMs as well. It can be really easy to forget who you've spoken to, what you've done with them. Now you can do this initially, but once you get really, really busy, what I would recommend is using my lead tracker spreadsheet. So you'll find this in the link in the description as well, where you can use to track all the leads that you get, when you started the conversation, what's happened, what have you send them, if they've bought it, et cetera. So you'll find this on the spreadsheet and you can use it to help you keep track of everyone that sends you a DM. Now, the next part here is dealing with spam DMs or spam accounts. And it's so annoying. I get a ton of these every single day. Now, it becomes really suspicious when you see accounts like that with zero followers, they have zero posts and they have no profile picture. So it's really obvious who they are. And sometimes they've got numbers as well, which is really annoying. So some of you might have questions about what do you do with spam accounts or spam DMs. And I get these a lot. I'm sure you guys would come across them as well. So these spam accounts are usually quite obvious. They usually don't have a profile picture. So I'll just show you a few of them. So this is a guy that I've been following for a while now. So this is his profile picture. So it's really obvious who they are. And sometimes they've got numbers as well, as part of their account name. So you can see this one here is... They might have no followers. They might be following a ton of people, but have no post on there at all. And then when you see their messages, it's super obvious because they'll usually send you a link, ask you to follow someone, say someone's a miracle worker. And so it's really obvious when you get these. And you have all my permission to ignore these or delete it because it doesn't affect your algorithm and you don't need to engage with them. What you will want to do as well, if these people are following you, is to actually remove them from your followers because they're never going to engage with you anyway. And if they don't engage, it's going to affect your engagement rate. And Instagram doesn't like that. So the algorithm wants the majority or more followers to engage with you. So I would just remove them and move on. Now, the second part to this, now the second strategy to this is sending outbound messages. So you sending DMs, authentic messages to connect with people. And I recommend if you can try and reach out to 5 to 10 new followers that come across your account and follow you every single week, if you can. And the fact that they follow you is a really good thing. So you just want to reach out and thank them for following you and ask them how you can help. And it can be super helpful, especially in the early days when your following count is still really small or your engagement is low. Now, the second strategy for your DMs. Now, the second strategy for. Now, the second strategy for building deeper connection is looking at sending outbound messages, and that is you sending messages to your followers. And I highly recommend that you do this in the early days when your account is still quite new and you don't have a lot of followers because it really helps with your engagement rate. Now, the second strategy for building deeper connections on the Instagram platform is to be looking at sending outbound messages, and that is sending new followers. Now, the second strategy for building deeper connections here on the Instagram platform is to look at sending outbound messages or DMs to people who follow you. Right. So what I recommend is to look at sending outbound messages to your followers. So what I recommend, especially if you're in the early days of building your account and your engagement rate is quite low, what you will want to do is to just send a message to people who follow you and aim for about five to 10 messages a week and aim to send about five to 10 accounts a week saying hello to people who follow you and asking them why are they following. So the second strategy for building deeper connection on the platform is to look at sending outbound messages. So what I mean by this is sending people who follow you a DM to say hello, welcome them and ask them what are they looking for help with. So there's nothing salesy about this because you're simply welcoming someone into your world and seeing how you can serve them and help them. So this is really helpful, especially if you're still in the early days of building your account and your engagement rate is really low. You want to still spend some time building those relationships with your followers. And once they respond to you and you have that conversation going, it then helps with your engagement rate as well. And these people are going to see your post a lot more likely because Instagram will show again, see that they are interested in content and show your post to them as well. So an outbound message that you might send is something like, Hey, Maria, I wanted to reach out and thank you for following me here on Instagram. I'd love to hear what brought you here and if there's anything that I can help you with. So you can either send this as a text on Instagram DM or you can send it as a voice message and you just want to sincerely and genuinely reach out to people and say hello and see how you can serve them. And I usually recommend spending about 15 minutes finding these accounts and engaging once a week and then let that conversation flow and see where it takes you. You don't have to be doing it or spending a ton of people every single week. So to wrap this lesson up, I've got three summary key tips. So to wrap this lesson up, I've got three key tips here for you when it comes to using Instagram DMs to build deeper relationship. So the first one is being friendly when you're in the DM, keep that conversation flowing as if you're talking to them on the phone. So what you can do is start asking some of those pre-quiz. So one of the things that you can do is start asking some of those pre-quiz questions. So one of quickly, so let's wrap this lesson up with three key Instagram tips to summarize what we would do when it comes to. So let's wrap this lesson up with three key tips to help you leverage the Instagram DM feature better. So the first one is when you get DMs, let the conversation flow. Don't send people. So I want to wrap this lesson up with three. So I want to wrap this lesson up with three key Instagram tips that's going to help you to build a deeper connection here on the platform. So tip number one is to kind of screen your audience, right? You don't want to send someone straight through. So I want to wrap this lesson up with three key Instagram tips to help you build a deeper connection here on the platform. So tip number one is to kind of screen your audience, right? You don't want to send someone straight through. So tip number two is to kind of screen your audience. So I want to wrap this lesson up with three key tips for you. So the first one is don't just send someone your booking link straight away when they send you a message. What you want to do is warm them up, get that conversation going a little bit, get to know them and see if they're going to be a good candidate for your program. So what you can do is start asking some pre-screening questions on your DMs to find out if they're going to be the right people to send them on to a discovery call. And the second one is to provide value. Try and engage them in conversation just like how you, what you would do when you meet someone for them. So the second one is about providing value. So you don't have to feel like you're giving everything away. What you want to do in the conversation is to broaden the gap, help them to see where things are going wrong and what they need to do next. Right? And the third one is if you haven't heard back from them after 24 hours, don't despair. Sometimes people may look at your message and forget to reply. So make sure you use that flag feature so you can remember to get back to it. And if they haven't gone ahead and book a call with you after you send them the link, just go in there and remind them again and check if they're having any trouble finding a suitable time. And that might be a really good reminder for them to actually go ahead and do that because I can promise you a lot of people do forget to do that. So the third one is to... So the third one is not to give up if you don't hear back from people. Some people can genuinely just forget because they're so busy. They might be trying to do... So the third one is not to despair if you don't hear back from people, especially if you've sent them the booking link and they haven't gone ahead to book. Like sometimes people are just genuinely busy and they may have forgotten and you touching with them again might be a really good thing and they would appreciate it. So what you can say if you haven't heard back from them and they haven't booked a call after 24 hours of you sending them the link, then I'll just quickly pop on the message to say, hey, notice that I haven't received your booking link. Just wanted to check if you're having any trouble finding a suitable time. And if they don't reply to that, then I would just leave it. If they reply to that and say, yep, I'm going to go ahead and do that. And if they say, apologies, I forgot, then you just want to keep that message flag so you can come back and make sure that it's been action. And once again, you can use the spreadsheet, the lead tracker spreadsheet that I've provided for you to use so you can keep track of all the leads that comes through to your inbox. All right. So we'll see in the next lesson where I'm going to be talking about Instagram growth acceleration.
