---
Source Program: Accelerator Program
File Name: WEEK 5.2 - Hashtag Research Tutorial.mp4
---

Hey there everyone, welcome to this tutorial here. So what I'm going to do here is to take you through the practical steps of how to conduct your hashtag research. And I know that this is the step that a lot of people get stuck in and it can take a long time. So I'm going to show you how you can practically and effectively do your hashtag research really quickly and come up with your hashtag set in 30 minutes. All right. So what you'll need to do is first to go to this website called Ninjalytics. So Ninjalytics is a free tool. They do have a paid tier for you to access more in-depth report, but the paid tier is not really required for you at this stage. So just head on to Ninjalytics. And what we often use this for is to analyze our competitors. I'll show you what you're looking for in a minute. And then the second tool is Flick. So Flick is basically purely a hashtag research tool and it is a paid tool, but they do have a 14 day free trial, which you'll need to sign up for in order for it to work. And you have to put in your credit card details. But what I often do is I go in before the 14 day free trial ends and just end my subscription. All right. So go for Flick. And then the third thing I need you to have on your website is Later. So we can input your hashtags into it. And then of course, your Instagram account. So I've got in front of me my IBS dietitian account. Let's say I'm pretending to analyze my competitor who is IBS dietitian. So what you'll do is go first into Ninjalytics and type in your account. So it's going to bring up the account here. So you can start looking at the data from your competitors. Basically how many followers that they've got, what's the average number of likes they get, their follower growth, the engagement rate. All right. And the part that I really want you to look at is the hashtag analysis. You can spend your time and look for all the other data. But for the purpose of this training here, we're just going to look at the hashtags. So here, Ninjalytics will show you all the different hashtags that are most commonly used by this account. So I would do this same piece of research on Ninjalytics for maybe about three different popular accounts in my niche. So I get a collection of the ones that are most popular and relevant to me. All right. So let's say I'm going to use IBS diet here as a hashtag to look at. So let's now go into Flick, go find hashtags. All right. And then I'm going to type in IBS diet here. So we're going to analyze this hashtag. And then now you can see that it's got IBS diet here as the hashtag and then all other relevant hashtag to this one. So the first thing that you look at is the competition score. So what you're looking at is how competitive the hashtags are. So it's a fairly competitive hashtag, but it's also got a fairly high potential reach for post that with. All right. So the first thing that we're going to do is go and enter IBS diet into Flick. So it's now going to pull up all the relevant hashtags related to IBS diet. So the IBS diet will come up on top and you can see all the different categories that we're going to look at here. So we've got competition score. So it's showing you how competitive is this hashtag. So it's fairly competitive here. And then potential reach is with your posts with this hashtag. What's the potential reaching people? So it's fairly high, which is really good indicator. And I tend to like to look at potential reach as a way to decide whether or not to use this hashtag. And then DAPC is essentially how many posts comes up daily under this hashtag. So it's 127 posts, which is not too bad. You know, it's not an ultra popular hashtag, but it's still fairly good. And posts with this hashtag generally get about a thousand likes. And then there's currently one hundred and twenty two thousand posts that has this hashtag. OK. And the average comment is fifty four. So you can also do this post made hashtag mentally by going to Instagram and typing in IBS diet and it will show you that there's around one hundred and twenty five thousand. So the numbers are not exactly the same, but it gives you a rough overview. But you can imagine if you're trying to type this into each individual hashtag, it's going to take a long time. That's why I recommend using Flick. And the other thing that you can do is when you hover over the hashtag, it will show you all the popular posts that comes under this hashtag. So you'll see this, you know, recipes and certain hashtags that are really good for using hashtags and stuff. So you would just hover over and look at it. All right. So the way that I decide whether or not I want to use a hashtag, like I said, is by looking at the competition score, a potential reach. All right. And so this one here has got fairly high reach. So I'm going to use this. So I'm going to take that here and then remember the hashtag research worksheet I've got for you. So I'll pull that up. Look at the categories. So for that one, it's one hundred twenty two thousand. And we want you to get ten hashtags under that category. So I'm going to start then inputting the hashtag IBS diet into that category. So that's how you would start. Continue doing that. So then, for example, I'm going to go back to Ninja Lytics. The next one is bloating. Then you would enter that. Continue doing your hashtag research. All right. So that one that has one hundred eighty thousand has got really high potential reach. So I'm going to use bloating as the next one on my hashtag. And then you would just go through and look at the ones that are relevant to you and your niche. Like, for example, with bloating, I know that maybe bloating tips. But then if you look at bloating tips, that's only got sixteen hundred posts, which is very little. So I'm not going to use that one. Maybe bloating remedy is a really good one. See, that's got eleven thousand. It's got fairly low competition reach wise. It's medium. So it's not too bad. And there's only thirty one posts that comes up a day. So I can almost know that my post with this hashtag will probably come up pretty well with my post on Instagram. So I'm going to use that again as another hashtag. And we know that we want you to create about two hashtags between ten to twenty five thousand. So this will fit into that category. So once you finish inputting all your hashtags into the hashtag research worksheet, the next thing that you'll do to make sure you save that is come to Instagram and start saving hashtag sets. So we want you to create about three to four hashtags sets. So what you do is going to pick up. So what you do is. So what you do is to go pick a random image that you've created in the past, go to notes and edit that and see this section here where it says saved captions so you can start creating hashtag groups here. Now you can access this on a free tier as well. That's not a problem. The only thing is with your hashtags, if you want to schedule that as your first comment, you do have to get the paid tier for it. But if you haven't got the paid tier, you will simply be entering that into your captions. So let's say I have that and blah, blah, blah. And then I'm going to start inserting my captions. I simply go insert hashtag group one. And this is what will happen. And you can see I've already added those five dots into my hashtag saved group so that automatically gets populated. So that's what you'll do in terms of finalizing your hashtag. I would also then go and save the hashtag sets onto my mobile as well so I can use it for my reels and different things like IGTV if needed. So you save it in three places on your hashtag set research worksheet on later if you're using later or on your mobile so you can upload it onto reels and videos, things that you have to post manually on the phone. So I hope this is helpful for you. Like I said, it should only take you around 30 minutes to create your hashtag set. And when you're doing a hashtag research, you don't have to have 30 individual unique hashtags in each set. You can mix them up and some of the most common ones like I know for mine in the coaching niche dietitian boss is one of the more popular ones. I'm going to repeat that in each hashtag set. I would suggest having around a 50% variation between each set. You just want to make sure there's some variety so Instagram doesn't pick it up as a spam account using the same hashtags over and over again. So have fun doing your hashtag research. I'll see you over in the next lesson.
