---
Source Program: Accelerator Program
File Name: WEEK 11.1 - Setting Clients Up For Success.mp4
---

All right, welcome back to week 11 of the accelerator program. Now we're on to the fifth and final phase of this program, which is the delight phase. And now once you've gotten your client, I'm going to show you how you can create a delightful experience for your clients to help them achieve their outcomes, to optimize the experience on this program, so they will go on to become raving fans of yours and share about you all to their friends and family and talk about you to anyone else that they meet. Because we know that word of mouth is the cheapest form of business advertising, right? So in this lesson here, I'm going to be talking about how you can set your clients up for success right from the beginning. And I'm going to share with you five key steps of what you'll need to do. So let's get started. All right. So step number one is on setting clear boundaries with your clients right from the beginning. And when you don't have clear boundaries set up, this is what you could see yourself getting into. So for example, you might find yourself responding to client DMs and messages and emails around the clock, and you start getting emails or questions from your clients about why they haven't heard a response yet. And you might find yourself constantly being in the reactive mode 24 seven, and there's no space for you because you're constantly providing that support and responding to clients and putting up. So the first step to setting up your clients for success is to set up very clear boundaries with your clients right from the start. And when you don't have clear boundaries set up, this is what could be happening, right? You could be allowing clients access to you 24 seven, and they're expecting you to respond to them around the clock, Monday to Sunday. And you could find yourself responding to client messages and questions on social media, on DMs, on Facebook messages, in all sorts of places. And you could see yourself providing lots of additional support for free that's not included as part of your program. And lastly, what can happen as well is that your clients could be disrespecting your time, right? And they are rescheduling their appointments last minute, they're not taking things seriously, and they're canceling their appointments and dragging things out. So we as the CEO and the boss of our business needs to take control and set the rules right from the beginning. So we and the client have got a mutual understanding of what's expected of us as the clinician and what's expected of them as a client, and we get them to stay committed right from the beginning. So what you can do instead to prevent this from happening is A, set up very clear boundaries and expectations right from the beginning. And you want to put this in as many places as possible so it's clear and your clients can easily remind themselves of that, is to A, set it out in your client contract, have it on your new client forms, and also on your onboarding email as well. And what you would want on there is some sort of rules or expectations for your clients to know this is how they can contact you for support. These are the places that they can contact you. And what is the expected turnaround timeframe for a response? And a typical amount of timeframe I would say is 48 hours, so it gives you time as well. And I would say 48 hours within the working week, unless you do work Saturdays as well, then you can let your clients know about that. And then the next one is also stating your ground rules and staying firm if someone cancels or reschedules on you last minute, and you want to remind them about your rules as well. Now I completely understand if there's family emergencies or last minute things pop up at work, you would still want to remind them and maybe let it slide the first time. But if it keeps happening again and again and again, then we need to go look at if we are sending out enough reminders for our clients so they remember when the appointments are coming up, or is it the clients who are not taking responsibility for what they need to do being on this program? And if that's the case, you need to sit down and have a really good conversation with your client about the expectations and getting them to commit. And the second part to this is to set very clear goals. And the second step to setting your clients up for success is to set very clear goals in the beginning, because everyone's got very different goals. And what I want to do in the beginning with all my clients is to ask them, what are your goals? What do you want to achieve out of working with me in this? And the second step to setting your clients up for success is to set very clear goals right in the beginning. So when I start working with a client, I always ask them before our first session and in the first session, what is it that you're trying to achieve through my program? How can I help support you towards achieving your goals? And so we both have a mutual understanding of what the expectations are and whether these goals are achievable. Now, some people might have really unrealistic goal, and this is where you have that conversation and try and work out what is realistic within the timeframes that you have set out for this program. And this is important to recognize that the outcomes that each person would achieve through your program will be slightly different as well. So not every client is the same and you are not a wizard. You are not a magician. So you're not here to wave a magic wand to solve every single problem. So what you need to do instead is to recognize when something is outside of your scope of practice. And if a client is getting stuck with a problem at a point where you can't assist because it's outside of your scope, then it's really important to be able to outsource that and get them to go to someone else. So the second step for setting your clients up for success is to have very clear goals right from the get go. And what I always do with every single client is to sit down with them in the beginning and talk about what their goals are. Because what we want to work out is have that mutual understanding of what they're trying to achieve and the outcomes that they're heading towards and decide if it's realistic to be achieved within that time frame. And so you want to have that conversation right in the beginning in the first session and then to be able to review them at certain time points so you can talk about your progress and how they're moving towards their end goal. Because not every client is the same and they won't be going through your program in the exact same pace and achieve the same outcomes. So it's really important to be able to review those along the way so you can decide if you need to change strategy or you need to maybe speed things up or slow things down. And the other thing is to really meet your client where they're at and to recognize that your role there is not to wave a magic wand and the problem will magically disappear for them. Your role here is to meet them where they're at, understand where they're heading and hold them accountable as a head towards that direction and to guide them along as well. And if you come across client problems or your clients keep getting stuck at this point where it's outside of your scope of practice, this is where you need to have that conversation with them and explain to them it's time for them to go out and look for someone else to help them with that specific problem. And the second step to setting your clients up for success is to set up really clear goals right in the beginning. And what I do with all my clients is to sit down in the first session and spend some time talking about the goals and the outcomes that they want to achieve through working with me in my program. And that's where we get to talk about how realistic these goals are and if it's achievable within the timeframe that we have working together. Because what you want to do is develop that mutual understanding of where you're heading right at the beginning and then to be able to have those conversations along the way throughout your program to decide if they are moving along according to plan or is it time to maybe review the strategy and change the strategy so then they can work towards their goal. Because the key here is communication. You want to build that communication, that open channel where you can talk to each other and develop that mutual understanding of where things are going or if something's working or not. And it's really important to recognize that our role here is that we're not a wizard. We are not an angel or a fairy that we can just wave our magic wand and make all our clients' problems disappear and magically go away. Our role here is to be able to hold them accountable, is to hold their hands and guide them as they walk towards their goal, right? They need to put in the work and we, as a clinician, can't take that problem away from them if they don't put in the work to achieve those goals. So if things are not working, you need to have that conversation with your clients along the way, not wait till the very end, along the way and work out what's going wrong and how you can fix it. And the last thing is to note that occasionally you're going to see that your clients would have issues or problems that is outside of your scope of practice. And as a dietician and nutritionist, you may not be able to fix certain things. So this is the time when you're going to sit down and have another conversation with your client and discuss who they need to see and how you can refer them on to get that problem fixed and you can work together as a multidisciplinary team to help your clients achieve those goals. And the third step here is to set up a regular schedule for meeting. What you don't want to do is to give your clients free access to your calendar and say here, book an appointment when it suits you. What you want to do is set clear guidelines on when you want your clients to book in the session with you. So then you're going to have that fixed time that you might meet every fortnight, every week, once a month or whatever it is. And so you both have that mutual understanding of when you meet. And if you don't want to do that, what you would want to do is maybe in the beginning when you first onboard a new client is to go through your calendar and book out all the times that you want to see each other. So it could be once a week, you're going to see each other on a Thursday at 3 p.m. And so you book that as a recurring meeting on your calendar for the next 12 weeks. And if you don't want to do that, then what you can do is after each session, you're going to then book the next session with your clients. So then we're not leaving up to chance. No one has to remind them. And it doesn't then allow your clients to keep rescheduling and going beyond the duration of your program. And the other quick note I want to mention here is that you want to time block on your schedule. You don't want to allow your clients to book all of your schedule from Monday to Saturday at any time that they like, because what you might want to realize is that you don't want to be sitting at your computer working on some social media stuff and hop onto a client call, hop off and then go on to create other things and work on other tasks because your brain will have to switch and can get really confusing for you and your clients. So what I want to say to. So the third step to this is to set regular meeting schedule with your clients. What you don't want to do here is to give your clients free access to your calendar and allow them to book any time they like from Monday to Saturday. Because what can happen is that you're going to see that your calendar will be in a mess. You won't have time to focus on building your own business or to do the other things. And you never know when your clients are going to book in. And what can happen as well is that your clients can choose to book any time they want, right? So they might even book in after the program finishes. And that's not what you want. You want to have that clear expectations again of how long you're working with the clients and when you're seeing them. So what I would recommend is having a suggested timeline for your clients. So you might want to say to them something like this, we work together for 12 weeks and I'm going to see you every two weeks. Would this time on this day work for you? Like for example, Thursday at three o'clock work for you. Great. Let's book in a recurring meeting every second Thursday at three o'clock. So then that's our set time together. And so no questions, no confusion. Or if you don't want to do that right at the beginning to book that recurring meeting is that after each session you have with the client, I highly recommend that you go into your calendar and then decide on the time to meet next. And you would have a really clear idea of how often you want to see them. And so that's booked into your calendar. And again, it reduces the chance of someone forgetting to book in. And the next thing I want to quickly make a suggestion on is the time block on your calendar for client appointments. So you don't want to have client appointments all around the clock at any time of the week. What you want to do is time block so you can be efficient. So for example, you might choose to only have three hours of client slots open in the morning on Monday and then on Wednesday afternoon you might have another three hours. So then there are set times for your clients to book in and that makes it a lot easier for you to go through your calendar and find times to work on other bits in your business and it's going to improve your efficiency. And the fourth part to setting your clients up for success is to streamline your program deliverables. So when I talk about program deliverables, these are all the extra things that you would give to your clients on the program. Like for example, you might have handouts or PDFs that you want to give to your clients. You might have recipes or meal plans that you want to give to your clients, cheat sheets and all of that. And traditionally what most people would do is that they would attach it in an email and then send it to the client. And sometimes it can be really hard to keep track of what you've sent the client. Or worse still, you won't even know if your client has received it because sometimes it might land in the spam folder. So what I would recommend for this is being smarter and increasing your efficiency with this is to look at how you can deliver it in a way where it's consistent. So what you can do is maybe have set folders. You can use things like Dropbox, Google Drive or even Trello as well. These can be free and you can have set client resources in these folder, which you would share with clients when they start working with you. So your clients would have access there, you know it's all there and there's less likelihood of them forgetting to open or download the files that you've given to them on email. And the second option is to look at uploading these onto an online program portal. So an example would be this Kajabi platform that you guys are on. This is an online course platform, right? There's a lot of other program platforms out there. And the one that I recommend is. And the one. There is a lot of program. There is a lot of online program platforms out there. And the one that I recommend for you that is free and really affordable to. Now there's a lot of online program platforms out there and the one that I recommend for you to get started with, which is completely free, is MemberVault. So MemberVault is free for you to sign up. There's no cost at all, no catch to it. You can upload your program worksheets and stuff and set it up according to a module form so it looks like a course. And if you have any videos at all, you can certainly also host it on MemberVault, but you have to link it up with something called Vimeo or YouTube private. So then your clients will be able to view it on the portal and improves the client experience as well. There's less things to forget and to miss out on. So I highly recommend that you consider how you can streamline your program deliverables once your program starts to grow and you start to get more clients. And the fifth and last step to getting your clients to be successful through your program is to be a good coach and listen. Now I know that sometimes it's really hard for us as dietitians to not teach and tell. Now the fifth step to setting up your clients for success is to listen and to coach. Now I know as a dietitian or nutritionist, it's so easy for us to get into that teacher mode where we teach and instruct and tell people what to do. And you know what? Sometimes people have so much knowledge, they know what they have to do, but they're stuck at the implementation. They're stuck at knowing how to execute the strategies that you've given them. And when we teach and tell and go to save our clients, every single time they get stuck, guess what's going to happen? They're going to become super dependent on us and they're going to come running to us every time they hit a roadblock. And what you want to do is to be able to help your clients to recognize and become aware of the patterns that's leading them to getting stuck. You want to help them to understand why they're getting stuck. And then what you can do from there on is to help equip them with the strategies to solving that problem. So it might be coaching them through those mindset blocks, it might be helping them to recognize those patterns that's keeping them stuck and making them go for that high sugar snack after the afternoon.


Now the fifth and final step is to listen and coach and we will listen to what our clients want and coach them through the challenging situations. That's when they're more likely to be successful. Learn from the program and rave about the experience that they have with you. Now I know it's dietitians and nutritionists. It's so easy and so common for us to tell people what to do. When someone comes to us with a problem we tell them how to fix it. And that's okay in most situations because clients don't have the knowledge so we need to educate and tell them what to do. But what would improve their experience and get them even better outcomes is when we help them to become aware of the patterns. We help them to become more aware of why they keep getting stuck. Because a lot of our clients know what they have to do but they simply don't know how to implement it and execute the strategies that we give to them. And if we're constantly handing them the silver spoon and telling them what to do we're building that codependency relationship with our clients. And what would happen when they get stuck is they're gonna straightaway run to us. So you might see clients who are constantly emailing you with questions and it comes across as that they haven't given it much thought. And when the question or they keep getting stuck then they're gonna email us constantly and ask us for help. And that's not what you want to do. What you ultimately want to do is to better help equip your clients, get them to become more skillful and get them to become more capable of making decisions so they can be successful. When they have set backs you want them to learn how to get themselves unstuck. And of course you're gonna be there to guide them to make those decisions and help them to become more independent so they can eventually go off and run into the wild and survive. So what you can do here is to make sure that you look at the individual client, spend the time to connect with them and pay attention to their goals, what they want and look at what's keeping them stuck. And also look at what lights them up as well. So for example if you have a client who needs to lose weight but they keep getting stuck with meal planning and they don't know what to do, you're not gonna jump in and give them a meal plan right? You need to sit down with them, help them to recognize those patterns that's leading them there and then equip them with the tools and the resources to help them to meal plan. Alright so I hope that gives you a better insight into what you can do. And remember that your job here is not to get the... and remember that your job here is not to do the work for them. Your job here is to help them to navigate the messy middle when it gets really hard so they can come out of it stronger, more confident and more successful. So your job here as a dietitian or a nutritionist is to help your clients to move through those difficult setbacks and challenging situations so then when they eventually achieve success they're gonna be raving about how great you've been helping them through those tough situations. And then they're gonna go on and tell all the friends about you and it's gonna stick in their minds a lot longer. Alright so constantly talk to your clients, look at where they're going, ask for feedback and learn to support them in a way where you're not building that codependent relationship. So there you have it, the five steps for setting your clients up for success. And step number one is setting clear boundaries. Step number two is setting clear goals. Number three is setting up a recurring or a regular client. Number three is setting up a regular or recurring client meeting schedule. Number four is setting up and streamlining a client. Number four is setting up your client. Number four is streamlining your program deliverables and number five to setting up your clients for success is to listen and to coach. Alright there you have it that's mine. So just so just a quick recap the five steps to setting your clients up for success is to set really clear boundaries, set the goals right from the beginning, is to set up a recurring client meeting schedule. Number four is to streamline your program deliverables and number five is to listen and coach. So there you have it that's all for this lesson here. In the next lesson I'm going to talk about how you can create raving fans for your business. I'll see you over there.
