---
Source Program: Accelerator Program
File Name: WEEK 11.2 - Creating Raving Fans.mp4
---

All right, so in this lesson here, we're going to talk about how to create raving fans for your business. Because my friends, word of mouth marketing is the most powerful, but yet cheapest way to get clients for your business. Because you know what, once you get your clients results, the most amazing outcome would be they go and rave about you to their friends, to their family, to the mom at school, to everyone that they know, and they're going to become walking advertisements for you. And that is the most powerful because when someone hears social proof and they get referred by someone that's already established that trust, you know, showing that you're credible and it's a much easier sell for you to get because you don't have to do, it's much convincing. And I want to share a quick story with you about this. Back then when I had my clinic practice, I had this mom who took her 17 year old son to come in and see me for some gut issues. And I always remember this family so dearly because it was just the most incredible and powerful word of mouth marketing that I've done for my business because I worked with a 17 year old boy, got him better quite quickly, helped him to get in control of his symptoms. And he just started raving about me to his family. You know, he said that he was a changed man. He had a new gut and he was so happy that he could eat so much more food than he was restricting before. So he talked about me at his family dinners. And so his grandparents were wowed by that. And because gut issues kind of was something that happened to a lot of people in the family. So the grandparents started to come in and see me and then his dad started to come in and see me and the uncle and auntie came in to see me separately as well. And it's crazy and it blew my mind because before I know it, I was seeing the whole family, right? They came in separately, but it was insane. And for me, we always had this little running joke that I was a part of the family because they would always be talking about me in the family meals and family dinners. So it was hilarious, but yet so powerful. And I know each and every single one of them got really good results and they went on to share about me to their friends or their colleagues at work. So it's something that you shouldn't ignore. And I really encourage you to put some thought into your client experience and how you can get your clients results and get them to become walking advertisements for you. Now there's three E's to building raving fans in your business. So the first one is engage, second one is experience and third one is empower. So let's look at them individually. So the first step is engage. Now there's a really famous saying by Theodore Roosevelt saying that people don't care about how much you know until they know how much you care. So it's really important, especially in the beginning and all throughout their journey with you and your program, that you take the time to connect with them as an individual, to learn about them, to know them and to help them through. Because people want to know that you care, right? So it's all in the details, even if it's something simple like you ask them about how's their most recent holiday, how was their family staycation away, whatever it is, it really shows that you care and you remember and it makes a big difference to the way they engage with you and the client retention as well. So I highly recommend that you take the time to engage with your client. And the second part to this is experience. Now experience is so important. It really is key to getting your clients to go through your program and be wowed by the whole experience. And what you want to be thinking about is that client journey, which we learned about earlier on in this program. And I really want you to look through the whole journey from time to time. You need to review this and see if there's any gaps or bumps along the way that you need to fix. And it's looking at when someone applies to work with you, to them booking into the discovery call, to them getting the link to getting onto the call with you, to them signing the contract and becoming clients and then filling out new client forms, getting onto the first appointments to the review appointments and so on and so forth. You want to think through the whole experience and try and make that seamless, right? Because it makes a big difference to how the client goes through your program. And if there's a lot of hiccups, it's going to create a negative experience, especially in the beginning. Right? So you want to make sure that you get this right. Now I recognize that there's going to be issues and hiccups in the beginning, but you want to fix it as soon as it comes up. And as part of the experience as well, things that could make a big difference is looking at when your clients achieve little wins or big wins or when they hit certain milestones, how do you celebrate it with them? Because when you celebrate it with them, it makes them feel good. It reinforces the achievements and it's little things that maybe send them a handwritten note card or, and it's little things like sending them a little handwritten note or sending them a little gift, congratulate them because it really makes a big difference to the experience or what happens when they're failing. Are you going to be there for them? Are you going to encourage them? Are you going to be there to lift them up and support them? So it's really important to think about the whole client experience. And the third part to this is empower. Now you want to empower your clients to take action towards achieving their own goals. Your job here is not to tell them what to do. You want them to set their own goals, to verbalize it, to come up with their own solution and take the steps towards achieving it. And when they get there, they're going to feel so much more fulfilled because they know that they've come up with a solution on their own. So what I'm saying here is, you know, don't babysit and spoon feed your clients all the time. You want to give them the independence, build that independence and the ability for them to problem solve and troubleshoot so they can fix problems on their own. And they're more likely to get more satisfaction out of achieving those goals and you want to help them to see when they've achieved those wins as well and celebrate them together. And the third part is you want to empower them to keep doing word of mouth marketing for you. So when someone refers a client, you want to reach out to them and say thank you. And for me, I personally send someone a note and a gift to thank them for it. And the third part to this is to appreciate and thank your clients every time they refer someone because you want to empower them and reinforce your appreciation so they can keep doing that for you. So for me, if someone refers a client to me, I reach out personally, send them a message or send them an email and say thank you so much. And sometimes I'll send them a little gift to show my appreciation as well, because that's a really thoughtful step for them to see that you really appreciate that referral. And the third part to this is to really reach out to appreciate and thank your client every time they send a referral because you want to reinforce that and thank them as well and show them that you really care and you authentically. And the third part to this is to appreciate and thank your client every time they send you a client or refer someone to you because what you want to do is show them that you care and appreciate their time, and that's going to empower them to do it over and over again. And for me, I personally reach out to a client and thank them and send them an email or message to appreciate them for the referral, and sometimes I'll send a little gift as well. Now I want to quickly switch gears and talk about how we can leverage Raving Fans to build our business. And that is to look at collecting social proof. Like I said earlier, social proof is so powerful because when they hear it and see that people are achieving results or hear that their friend or family is getting better, it's more likely that they're going to engage with you and reach out for your service. And when I talk about social proof, I mean testimonials or case studies because they are such a powerful form of social proof. And look, I know a lot of us in Australia are worried about testimonials because it's against our rules and regulations for our profession to share them, but it shouldn't stop you from collecting them, right? So here's a little secret between you and me. I want you to know that it's okay to collect social proof or testimonials, especially if someone wants to write them, appreciate them and thank them for it. And you just need to check with your professional regulation wherever you are to see if you can share them. If you can't share them, it still becomes a really powerful, uplifting folder or section to look at. Now, I want to quickly switch gears and talk about collecting social proof because my friends, testimonials are such a powerful form of social proof, helping people to see that, wow, so and so has achieved results. I want to be like them as well. And so they are really powerful way for you to grow your business, especially if you have just helped someone achieve something, you would want to collect social proof as soon as you can. You don't want to wait till the very end because you might miss the opportunity. Now I know a lot of us are in Australia and we have issues with sharing testimonials, but that shouldn't stop you from collecting them. And if a client has offered to write a testimonial, you can't stop it. Right? So what I would do is I would keep them in a folder, whether it's in my email folder or a folder on my computer so I can look at it when I feel sad. Or if I'm having a really rough day, I would look at that and that will really lift up my spirit and remind me about why I'm doing what I'm doing. And you want to check with your professional regulation if you can share them. If you can't, you would just keep them. Maybe you can use it later. Who knows? Things can change down the track, so you want to collect them. And how you would do it is through written testimonials. You can do client interviews via Zoom and press record button and just keep that, especially if you have really helped someone achieve a massive transformation. Someone might offer to record a video testimonial for you, or they might want to write something about you on the Facebook page as well. Now for those of us in Australia, you can collect client testimonials or reviews through Google Reviews. So if someone has said they want to write something for you, you can get them onto your Google Business page. So if you haven't got Google Business and haven't registered yourself on there just yet, I highly recommend that you do. And you can send them a link if they want to write a review for you and they can put it on there. That is something that's not restricted by a professional regulation just yet at the time of this recording. So I would definitely tap into Google Reviews if you can, and then look at other formats of collecting testimonials and video testimonials are really powerful as well. So if you can get that, that's even better. And especially for those of you who are working with beta clients and you are either doing it for free in exchange for a testimonial, or you might be charging quite a low price, you definitely want to put a lot of focus into loving on these clients and getting them results as well so they can provide you with testimonials in return for you to share. Now what I highly encourage you guys to do as well is to look at collecting program surveys. So what I would encourage you to do is to integrate survey at different time points of your program. So you want to do that perhaps halfway through and at the very end as well. You can even do it at the beginning so you can compare different outcomes in your program and these can form objective data. So for example, if you work in the area of weight loss, then you might want to collect the weight in the beginning and the waist circumference and other anthropometric measures and collect them in the middle and at the end as well. So you can look at the percentage of weight loss or use other metrics as well to measure the outcome or success of the client and you can then put that towards your program outcome. And what you would want to do, like I said, is if you're collecting testimonials, you want to collect it when someone achieved a big win, when they're most excited to share and it's still fresh in their head, and then you can collect them again right at the very end to see if they have any other outcomes that they want to share with you. And I know a lot of people get stuck when asking testimonials, so I've prepared a template for you to use where you can send to someone to help them prepare a testimonial for you. All right, so that's all for this lesson. I'll see you in the next one.
