---
Source Program: Accelerator Program
File Name: WEEK 8 - The Abundance Mindset.mp4
---

Hello there and welcome back to week 8 of the Accelerator program. Now this week is all about mustering sales to help you become more confident around selling yourself and your services. And before we go into all the practical things about selling, like your sales calls and overcoming objections, I want to talk about the mindset piece once again. And you can see that I'm talking about mindset over and over again because it's really important and mindset is going to determine the success of your business. So I want us all to start off with an abundance mindset, but before we do that, I want you to take a few moments to ponder and think about what comes to your mind straight away when I talk about the word selling or sales call. So I'll give you a few seconds to ponder upon that. Hello there and welcome back to week 8 of the Accelerator program. Now this week is all about mustering sales. So we're talking. Hello there and welcome back to week 8 of the Accelerator program. So this week is all about helping you to muster sales and to become more confident and comfortable with selling. I want us all to start off with adopting the abundance mindset. I want us all to think about being successful even before you're successful because your mindset is really going to determine your success. Now the first question that I have for you before we go further is what comes to your mind first up when I talk about the word selling or sales call. I'm going to give you a few moments to think about that. All right. So I know a lot of you would probably have different perceptions around selling or sales calls and I know some of the common things that can come up for a lot of people is that selling can feel really icky. It can feel uncomfortable and some people will start to feel that tension or those butterflies in their tummy because of some previous negative experiences around salespeople. And I know certainly for me when I first started selling it felt really uncomfortable for me. It's not natural. And I would always think about that sleazy person at the car sales yard. And I know for me when I first started selling it would feel really uncomfortable. It would feel really icky because I would always think about that sleazy salesperson at the car yard who just wants to sell me that car. He's trying all sorts of tactics, high pressure sales strategies to try and get me to buy and to add on one thing after another to get me to put down my signature on the line. And it was really uncomfortable for me on the other end. And I didn't want to make people feel that way. But one thing that I would like for you to understand is our belief system and our money mindset. That a lot of it can be formed from a series of experiences when we're young and it can ultimately affect our ability to sell and be successful in our business. And that's why I want us to dig a little bit deeper and really uncover some of those roadblocks or that money blocks that could be happening in our life that's being buried under. And we don't know about it because it's really going to start to affect you and your ability to become successful in the long run. And what I would like to talk about is that scarcity and the abundance mindset. And I know certainly for me, I grew up in a household that had that scarcity mindset. And I want to share something personal with you because I know some of you would be able to relate to this. So I grew up in an Asian household of a family of six, my two parents and four of us children. And my dad is the only sole breadwinner for the family. So he would work really long hours, sometimes two or three jobs to help us to pay the bills and send us to good schools. And I would always remember growing up, my parents, especially my mom, would say things to me like, you can't anyhow spend money, you need to save every single cent that you earn. You need to be thrifty. We need to buy things on discount. And we can't afford to do what the rich people do. And those things would be constantly circling in my mind. And I was growing up and even me starting a business, I definitely started with a scarcity mindset. I was fearful that I would have no clients, that my business would flop. And even when I was successful, I had fears around things just disappearing one day and my business would shut down one day. And I don't know why, but I always had that kind of mindset, even though I was successful. And as I dig deeper, as I work through some of those money blogs, I start to realize that yes, a lot of things that I've been taught and been told from a young age definitely is impacting on my money mindset and my ability to sell and grow a business. And it got to a point when I was so busy in my business and I was doing really well, but I was hitting a roadblock and I was starting to make some mistakes, which I wasn't happy about. It was because I was so tired and trying to do every single thing. And I would struggle with the idea of outsourcing and getting someone to do my admin work for me to respond to client phone calls and things like that. Because I just thought to myself, why do that when I can do exactly the same thing and save the money so I can have more back in my pocket one day. But you know what? I had to work through so many barriers to realize that outsourcing to free up time for myself is ultimately what is going to get me further. Me being stuck doing $10 an hour tasks or even $20 an hour stuff like admin work, proofreading things and all of that was taking away my time and energy. And by outsourcing, I could free up my time and my energy to work on moving the needle forward for my business. And once I work on all those deep stuff and start to improve my money mindset, I realized the importance of investing to buy money back. And once I work through some of those money blocks I had and change my mindset around money and investing, I start to feel much better about outsourcing and getting someone to help me in the business because ultimately my goal is to grow a business to a point where it doesn't really need me anymore. And I felt that was really hard to do that in the beginning because I didn't have enough and that was my scarcity mindset. And I want us all to start with an abundant mindset even before it looks abundant because I can promise you it is just going to be much more of a pleasant journey forward. And right here, I want to remind you that if you do get a note from your prospect, whether it's on a discovery call or from people on DMs, they say, no, I don't want to work with you. This is in no way a reflection of your expertise or your worth as a person. They say no to you for many reasons. It could be that they don't see the value in investing in you. The time is not right. They really don't have money themselves or their mindset around money is a problem. So they don't see the value around investing in their own health. And I don't want you to take those on as a burden and certainly not a reflection of you as a dietician or nutritionist or a business owner. And I want you to see that money is like a free resource that moves around the economy. So when money flows into my business, I get to benefit from that because I get to give my family a much better life. I get to give money to my parents and I also get to invest the money in other businesses. So money will flow from my business through me to another business. And it's just simply a resource that flows around the economy. So having more money is not a bad thing. And having more people pay you what you're worth is certainly not a bad thing. All right. So that's all I want to cover in this lesson here. I hope it's really helpful for you in terms of working out your money blocks and helping you to strengthen your money mindset muscle. Now head on over to the resource worksheet in this lesson here and work through some of those questions and hopefully we can help you to build an abundant mindset where you will just keep growing and keep being successful. I'll see you in the next lesson where we will talk about discovery calls.
