---
Source Program: Accelerator Program
File Name: Week 9.1 - Mastering $3K Months.mp4
---

Hey there everyone, welcome back to week nine of the Accelerator program. I want to say well done because we're three quarters way through the program. Can you believe it? Time has flown so quickly, so congratulations and well done for making it this far. Now this week, we're still on phase four of the program, which is convert, and we're going to be talking about how to get more consistent income aiming for that 3k month as a benchmark. And then in the next lesson, we're going to officially kick off the 21 day Instagram challenge this week as well. And I'll be sharing with you the steps of what you'll need to take to make that happen. All right. Now, first up, you might be asking me, why are you talking about 3k month as your benchmark here? Now, for a lot of us, you might have just started your private practice, so you might be putting in a few hours here and there each week because you might have a part-time job or a full-time job on the side, so you haven't got that full-time capacity. And that's why I've set $3,000 month as a benchmark for you, so it's a more realistic benchmark. Now some of you might be asking the question, why is 3k month a benchmark? Now, I know a lot of you might be working part-time jobs or you might have a full-time job, and this is something that you invest a few hours in each week to make this happen. And your private practice might be fairly new. And this is essentially the first milestone that we encourage you to hit, which is getting to consistent 3k months. And it's when a lot of times, when a lot of you... Now you might be asking, why are we setting 3k months as a benchmark? Now essentially, this is like your first milestone in your business that you want to hit. So a lot of you might have just started your private practice, and you might be doing this on the side with a few hours a week because you have a part-time job or a full-time job, so you haven't got a ton of time. And so this is essentially a more realistic goal that I want you guys to be hitting. And it's also when the side hustle starts to become real, and you can see that you're starting to get clients and there's possibilities to scale this and grow this, to make this even bigger. And that's why we start you off on this milestone on the accelerator program. And once you've hit that, that's when we look at the next program where we're going to help you. And that's where we're going to help you to grow and scale what you have into five and 10k months with online courses and programs and integrating that into your business. So that's very exciting. And I'll be sharing with you more about the six months mastermind in the next few weeks as well, so you know what to expect. So you might be asking me, how can I make 3k months a reality? So I've popped on the slide, some examples of how it can happen. And what I want you to do is to kind of reverse engineer this. So you know, okay, 3k months is a benchmark for me. So if I sell my programs at, let's say 997 per program, and I sell it to three clients a month, then I'm going to be making very close to $3,000 a month. Can you see this happening? Or if you're just someone who's just wanting to start a little bit lower, because this is your first time and you don't quite feel too confident yet, you want to kind of test things out and create more resources as you go. So you might want to start slightly lower at 799. And you really only need four clients a month to make this happen to make just over $3,000. And that's one client a week. So it is definitely achievable. And that's why I've set this as a very realistic goal for a lot of you to achieve. Now I completely understand that some of you might have much bigger goals than this and you're dreaming five to 10k months. That's great. And some of you might only have one or two hours a week to invest in this because you've got kids, family, and other things. And that's why, you know, you can start at a smaller goal and then work your way towards this. Now there's five essential key steps I want you to master in order to get to 3k months. And now the first step is kind of what we talked about in the beginning, which is your key foundation. So by this time, you should be super clear on who you help and what problem you solve. You need to get crystal clear at this because it's something that you'll be talking about so often. So you need to be very confident with your messaging. And you also need to be setting goals as well and having that courage each day to take that step forward, even if it's an imperfect action, you don't feel a hundred percent confident about it. You're still taking that one step forward each and every single day to make things happen because you know that you cannot achieve your goals if you're sitting in doubt and fear. All right. And by this stage, you also should be super laser focused on your key priorities so you don't get distracted. You know, okay, these are the five things I need to achieve this week. And then you just set SMART goals to move your way towards that. So by this stage, you need to be very clear on your goals and what problem you solve. And of course, who you help as well and your direction that you're heading. Now step number two is I want you to get very consistent. And I know that there's so much noise and confusion out there about, you know, do TikTok, do social media on many different platforms of Facebook and... Now step number two is to get very consistent with your routine, with what you do on a daily basis. Now I know there's a lot of noise and confusion out there about needing to spread your reach and be on every single platform like TikTok, Instagram, YouTube, Facebook, and Clubhouse and all these different platforms. And I even get overwhelmed talking about it. And of course, you remember that you're just starting out. So what I want you to get laser focused on is to be consistent on one platform. I want you to master one platform, get super confident and get super good at doing that one marketing platform, and then you can broaden your reach. And when I say about broadening your reach, it doesn't mean that you have to create new content on every single platform either. All you have to do is to repurpose your content and to have a slightly different posting schedule for those to match the platform requirements. And so it's about starting small, starting and getting really good at one platform and then broadening your reach. And you know what I talk about all the time is about mastering Instagram because it's still in 2021 at the time of this recording, the best platform to grow your organic reach and to actually get good paying clients as well that is willing to invest. And so when I talk about Instagram, I want you to develop a very clear content creation schedule and a posting schedule. You need to be consistent because if you're not, you're going to just fade out, right? So you need to put in the work to make it happen. And I'm not talking about needing to be on it for hours on end every single day. It's about creating a schedule, having a plan in place so it makes content creation easier and it makes your life on the platform much easier as well. So a suggested schedule. Now Instagram has a different suggested schedule and the best practice guideline. What I recommend here is essentially what I think is very practical and realistic for a lot of you. And that's essentially what I do as well. Now, some weeks I might post more, some weeks I might post slightly less depending on what I'm doing or launching at that point in time. So a good starting point is having three posts a week, creating one to two Instagram reels because we know that reels are really popular and then going with four to eight story, 15 second story clips each day and showing up as much as you can on story to nurture and connect with your audience and then one IGTV episode per week. Now I know that this may sound scary and completely new for a lot of you and that's why we've got the 21 Instagram challenge. Yes there. Of course I'm recording. Mm hmm. Mm hmm. Okay. Mm hmm. Mm hmm. Okay. Mm hmm. Mm hmm. Mm hmm. Okay, yeah, lamb shanks good, that's fine, just get that then. Mm. Do they have rinds or something? Okay. No. Okay. Bye. Sorry for the interruption from my husband getting back into it. Now, step two of this in getting. Now, the second step for getting to consistent 3K months. It's about being consistent. Now, it sounds like a very basic step, but it's also really important and I cannot enforce how important it is. Now, step two of getting to consistent 3K months is really about being consistent. It might sound like a really basic step, but it is something that I want you to keep remembering and keep practicing because we need to make it into a routine and a habit. And you cannot get to 3K months just by doing things here and then posting sporadically once a week. It's not going to happen. But what I want you to understand is that Instagram is a platform that is still really good for organic growth and reach in 2021 at the time of this recording. So what you need to do to get in the favor of the algorithm is to be consistent. It doesn't mean you need to be on Instagram for hours on end every single day. Just means that you need to develop a consistent content creation and a posting schedule so that you can be on the platform consistently. Can you see how many times I've used to work consistently? Because consistency is key here. All right. And so a suggested schedule for you could be somewhere around three to five Instagram posts a week. One to two Instagram reels because we know that reels is still a really good place for you to. Let's start again. Now, the second step to getting to consistent 3K months is to be consistent in what you do. Now, I know that this can sound very common sense, but I cannot emphasize the importance of this because consistency is key. Now, I know there's so much confusion out there about the need to be on every single social media platform to do everything that's trending. And so you can broaden your reach. But I also know for someone starting out in the beginning is that you might have a side job, like I talked about earlier, and you might be feeling completely overwhelmed with the amount of things that you've got to do. So the most important and the most sensible thing to do is to start with one platform, which is Instagram, which, by the way, at the time of recording is still a really good platform for organic reach and getting paying clients for free. And starting with one platform, being very consistent and mastering it. And so once you master that one platform, then you can go on to get your second and third platform and establishing yourself on there. And even with that, you don't need to create new content for every single platform. It's about repurposing the content that you have from that one key platform and then sharing it in a way that will help you to grow on those other platforms. Do you know what I mean? So it's not really about doing more. It's about being smarter in what you do. But you got to start off with one core platform and mastering it. Right. And so the second thing about this is that when you're on Instagram, the algorithm wants you to create valuable content for your audience. So it keeps them engaged and keeps them staying on the platform. And you want to be creating content consistently as well. So your audience can continue to benefit and see your content. Now, if you're someone who's only decided to post once a week, then I'll have to say to you, I'm sorry, I don't think your post is going to reach many people and it's not going to do very well at all. And so I've got a suggested schedule here for you. Now, understand that Instagram has got a slightly different best practice guideline. And what I've suggested here for you is what is realistic and what I think is realistic for me starting out from scratch. So the recommended posting schedule for your feed post is around three to five posts a week. And if you have more time in the beginning, then I would say try and post five times a week so you get better reach for your content. And if you get busier, three times a week is sufficient. And the next thing is Instagram reels at the time. Recording is still really good for organic reach and helps you to grow and get you from more audience. So definitely try and post more reels more often if you can. So one a week at least and then doing around four to eight Instagram story clips a day. Right. Sharing something valuable and all of that kind of stuff that we talked about earlier. And then the next thing is about doing around. And then the next thing on top of your feed post is to nurture your audience and show them the real you behind the scenes. And so I recommend around four to eight story clips a day. You can take a break on a Sunday if you like. But it's about, again, being consistent and showing people the real person behind the scenes. And the next one is IGTV. Now, Instagram wants you to really use all the features on their platform and wants to show that you're available and educational content creator on there. And they want to show you to more people if you're consistent. And so IGTV is a really good way to keep people on the platform and keep them staying there for longer with these longer form content. And I know that might be scary, some of these numbers. But we're going to kick this off and make this a reality with our 21 day Instagram challenge. All right. And the next thing is having more consistency with your business routine. Now, whether you're someone who can only invest three hours a week on your business or you might be working on your business full time, you need to have a routine. You need to time block. You need to make things efficient and you need to be productive. You know, you may have 40 hours a week to invest in your business, but you might not be productive because you might be doing your work on your kitchen table or on your bed. Or you might have kids running around the background when you're trying to do work. We know that all of these things can affect your efficiency. So make it serious. You know, set up a dedicated workspace, whether it's in your spare bedroom or in your study. Just have a nice, soothing environment where it helps you to feel fresh and help you to be more productive in what you do as well. So this is something that's really important. Now, step number three is to remember and come from a mentality of serving before you sell. And like I always try and explain to you, you need to. Now, step three in getting to consistent three K months is to come from a mentality of serving before you sell. And so important because people want to know, like and trust you. In order for them to do that, you want to demonstrate that you're someone who genuinely care. You're genuinely there to provide value and help people. So sometimes, especially in the beginning, you need to give more than you take. And so then you reap the rewards later. OK, and the second thing in doing that is to remember not to post and go. So don't post, leave the platform, then go do whatever you want to do. Try and stay on the platform and engage a little bit like reply to comments, respond to DMs, you know, go and like and comment accounts that are similar. You need to help you to gain more exposure. Right. So I talk about this is a really important strategy to interact with other accounts as well. So other people, their followers, in a sense, will see you from your handle and your comment. And then always remembering to use Instagram with intention. And what I mean by that is I don't expect you to be on Instagram for hours on end. And believe me, I know how easy it is to just sit there and scroll, especially after dinner. Or, you know, when you're trying to do content research, you can just sit there and scroll. And before you know it, hours would go by. So what you really need to do is to be intentional about the time that you have to create content. To be intentional about the time that you'll be putting in, to be intentional about the time that you'll be putting in to engage. And what I do is I set timers for myself 15 minutes in the beginning of the day, 15 minutes later in the day to engage. And then that's it. I'm not on there. Of course, you need to be on there to be social, but I'm not on there to spend hours and socialize because I know that I still have a business to run. And that's where I want you guys to become more disciplined in that as well. And if you don't know, you can also set a timer on Instagram as well to alert you once you've hit a certain threshold. So I set my timer as one hour and that's my threshold for the day. And once I've reached that, I know that, OK, it's time to wrap up what I'm doing and get back to other things as well so that I can continue to move the needle forward. Now, to get to consistent 3K months, you need to learn to handle objection with class. You're going to come across a lot of people that will say no to you, and you need to be OK with that because you need to understand. And we all need to understand that as well. Is that not everyone that comes into your path, gets on the discovery call with you will become.


Now the fourth step to getting to consistent 3k months is becoming okay with rejection. Now I put this in here because I know some of you may have gotten on discovery calls already and put what we've learned into practice and you've gotten some no's. Some people will say you're too expensive and have different feedback or comments from people but I want you to know that rejection is so normal, it's a completely normal part of doing business. There will be some people will say yes and some people will say no to you and that's okay and you need to learn to take everything with a pinch of salt and know when feedback is actual constructive feedback and also when someone says you're too expensive you need to also know are you really expensive or is it the other person on the other end with a problem right? So you need to learn how to handle objections objectively and not take all of these personally. I've learned that so much over the years and I want you guys to really understand that it's not always your fault when someone says no to you and you need to understand is that and the next thing that you need to understand is that practice makes perfect and the more opportunities you have to go on sales calls the better because it helps you to become more alert it helps you to become and the next thing that you need to understand is that practice makes perfect so the more opportunities you have to get on discovery calls to sharpen your skillset to get you more confident and to help you handle objection with class the better alright and it doesn't matter if people say no to you just see that as a practice opportunity and you need to get some no's before you get yeses and once you get into the momentum and the groove where you feel more confident I promise you it will feel easier alright and the next thing I want you to understand alright and the next alright and typically on a discovery call alright and typically on a discovery call like I said it's okay and normal to get no's and a conversion rate is typically around 30 to 50% so what that means is that to get 10 people on a sales call getting three to five people say yes to you is a normal statistic so that one alright and I thought I'll give you some perspective here to give you some statistics as well and for industry standard around a 30% alright and I thought it will be alright and I thought be good to give you some perspective on conversion rates here so it can help you to understand when it's good and when it's normal and when it's not normal you need to do something about it alright and I thought I'll give you some perspective here on conversion rates as well so you know what to expect so with discovery calls a typical conversion rate is around 30 to 50% so what that would mean is that you'll need to get on 10 discovery calls to have three to five people say yes to you so half of those people will essentially say no to you but remember a no for now doesn't mean a no forever and the fifth and last step to getting to consistent 3k months is knowing that you need to have that mindset of growth and evolution so what I mean by that is that no matter what you go through no matter how many speed bumps you go through you need to start to develop that mindset of resilience and adaptability knowing that whatever feedback or hurdles or roadblocks that comes your way they're okay and you have it within you to step up and address that and go beyond that and what I want you to understand is that business is a constant cycle of growth and evolution you need to constantly listen to your consumers or your clients take on the feedback like I said the right kind of feedback that's constructive adapting it modifying things in your business and growing it so it means that you need to listen adjust and constantly evolve your systems your resources your strategies all of that to make it work to make you and your programs better for your consumers and clients out there alright and what you would see in your business going once you hit that 3k month is that you might be starting to get fuller and busier with your schedule and once you get to 5k months for example some of my clients does get really busy so they feel like they're reaching that cap with that one-on-one done-for-you service or program and so they start thinking about running group programs and then from there on they might start to hit a cap at around the 10k month mark and then they will start to incorporate online courses and programs to kind of scale their business further to be able to help more people at one time and that's when we start developing the online course component and all of this I want you to see where you're at on the program right now as you're in the one-on-one phase and you really want to get very good at that before you firm up your systems and to be able to grow and scale it into online programs and group programs etc and so where we want to be able to take you is once you hit that 3k months we want you to grow and evolve and adapt what you've got through our online mastermind and our other programs help you get to that next 5 to 10k months alright I hope you see this vision of where I want to take you on this journey as well because none of us have success overnight it's never true it's it's a matter of tweaking and changing what you've got and evolving and getting bigger and better as you go and once you get that income think about reinvesting it back into your business and growing your systems growing your resources outsourcing so then you'll get to be able to grow it further and you'll be less reliant on you as well as you grow bigger so the fifth step to getting to consistent 3k months it's about growing and evolving now this is really exciting and it takes of course a certain type of personality as well and some of you who may not see this just yet I want you to see online business or business in general as a way now the fifth step now the fifth and final step to getting to consistent five now the fifth and final step to getting to consistent 3k months it's about adapting that growth and evolution mindset I can't now the fifth and final step to getting to consistent 3k months is adopting that growth and evolution mindset it's gonna be inevitable for you to come across roadblocks pumps and bumps along the road on your business journey and have people say no and disappoint you all of that but the ones who rise up above all of that and do well are the people who are resilient and they're adaptable now the fifth and final step to getting to consistent 3k months it's adopting the growth and evolution mindset and I can almost promise you you're gonna hit some roadblocks or bumps or have people disappoint you along the way it's so normal and common in business but the people who really rise up above that and do really well are the ones who have the resilience and they're able to adapt to this situation think quick think smart and move forward and not get trapped in that mess or in that deep hole so I want you to adopt that mindset and how you can do it is to constantly listen to your consumers or your clients take on constructive feedback that they give you adjust what you've got and then evolve and improve your systems your resources your strategies right and you're never gonna want to stay in the same position in your business ever all of us want to grow right so you've got a constantly adept look around you to see what's happening adept and refined and grow bigger right now some of you are a lot of you essentially now a lot of you are still in the early parts of your business so what I want you to really focus your attention on is on growing your one-on-one components of your business this is where you see clients that provide private coaching or counseling for your clients so you want to really use the opportunity to refine your skills and get really good at what you do but you might start to hit some roadblocks or time constraints once you hit that 5k months you start to see you schedule really filling up and you're getting full and busy and that's when I help my clients to then go from one-on-one and transitioning to including group programs and online courses or hybrid programs in their offerings so they can leverage to time better scale their business and help more people at one time and this is essentially like a spectrum of where you are at with your one-on-one you're here on the accelerator program and once you're ready to take it to the next level we're gonna help you to achieve that with our six months mastermind where we're gonna help you to get to 5 to 10 K months consistently and then once you go beyond that we're looking at incorporating online courses and all of that to scale it further so it's certainly a really exciting part of this journey you're constantly growing and evolving so your journey with us doesn't just stop us so it's certainly really exciting where you're going with your business and I just want you to keep your mind open and be open to all these opportunities that can come your way and you know what I always tell my clients is that what you earn in your business is a bonus right it's profit it's everything that comes back into your pocket at the end the day after you've paid taxes and everything so I want you to start looking at how you can reinvest what you earn back into your business to help you grow and scale even further so it might be reinvesting back into programs and courses to help you to grow as a business person or as a dietitian or reinvesting into systems and frameworks that are gonna save you time so you can grow and make your business run more efficiently or outsource and get people to help you with your business or even other things like you know getting something clean your house to wash your car to do things like that like your garden which I don't have time for and so I buy back time so I can work better and do more in my business right so I want you to have that mindset as well because down the track you're gonna experience that and I always want you to remember as well business is never a linear process where you're gonna see the exponential growth and it'll just go straight up there are bumps and there are difficult patches that you're gonna go through is what we call the messy middle here so right in the middle there it's gonna be really challenging it's when you can't see the light at the end of the tunnel but I want you to know that that's super normal and common and if you can rise up beyond that messy middle that's when you're gonna see real growth that's when you're gonna see real success so if you're in the messy middle right now hang in there and keep pushing keep persisting and know that we're all here for you to cheer you on and you're gonna get out of this messy middle with so much more confidence with more experience with a richer experience at the end of the day alright guys so that's all for this lesson in the next lesson I'm gonna take you through the 21 day Instagram challenge so I'll see you there
