---
Source Program: Accelerator Program
File Name: WEEK 2 - Nailing Your Marketing Message.mp4
---

All right, so we're going to get to work in this lesson here to craft your marketing message. And what we want to do is to help you to easily communicate what you do and how you help in a clear and concise statement. And when you think of this like your elevator pitch, like your 30 second, you know, statement that you say to someone to make a really good first impression. So it makes them curious to find out more about what you do. Now in terms of your marketing message, we break it down to four parts. So the first part is talking about who do you help? The second part is the problem that they experience. And then the third part is the outcome. And the fourth part is the how, that's your method. All right. So to give you an example, this is someone, a dietician who works with mums with IBS. Okay. So the first part of her marketing message is the who. So I help busy mums. So you always want to start with, I help, you know, I help people with, I help women with, I help parents with. Okay. So the I help is the first part to start. And then the second part is problem. So people who struggle with IBS. So then the third part is the outcome. What are you helping them to achieve? To find fast and effective relief from uncomfortable gut symptoms. And the fourth part is the how, with the low FODMAP diet and a holistic lifestyle approach. So when you put all of this together, this is how it sounds. So I help busy mums who struggle with IBS find effective. So when you put it all together, this is how it sounds. So I help busy mums who struggle with IBS find fast and effective relief from uncomfortable gut symptoms with the low FODMAP diet and a holistic lifestyle approach. How does that sound? Does it sound better than I'm an IBS dietician? Right? So it conveys what you do, how you help people and the outcome of it as well. Now your marketing message, now your marketing message needs to fulfill four criteria. So first of all, it needs to be really clear. It needs to be specific. It needs to be concise because you don't want to go on and on. You're going to lose the interest of the person who's listening. And the fourth part is it needs to be outcome focused. So this is some place where a lot of people do get stuck in and they do lose that. So then people get very confused about what. Now your marketing message needs to fulfill four criteria. So the first one is it needs to be super clear. It needs to be specific and it needs to be realistic as well. Okay. And then the fourth part is it needs to be outcome focused. So this is where a lot of people get stuck with, with their marketing message. They talk about who they help and what they do, but they don't talk about the outcome. And the reason I want you to focus on this is because people don't just buy your products or your services, they buy the results. So you need to be really focused when you talk about what you do and how you help to focus on selling the results and outcomes of working with you. All right? So always remember the statement. People don't just buy your products or your services. They don't buy your time. They don't buy your 60 minute consult. They buy the results. They don't care about what you do in between. They just care about how you get them there and when you can do that by. Of course they want it to be done ASAP. So focus on selling the results and the outcomes that you help your ideal clients to achieve. Now go on over to the Nailing Your Marketing Message Worksheet and work on your four part marketing message.
