---
Source Program: Accelerator Program
File Name: WEEK 7 - Packaging Up Your Program.mp4
---

Alright, so in this last lesson here for this week, we're going to talk about how to package up your program. So when it comes to packaging your program, there's four steps to doing it. So step number one is that we need to have a name for your program. And that's a really exciting part coming up in the name, step two is creating a program tagline. So your tagline is like a descriptor that goes into more detail about what your program is about. Step number three is naming each step of your program framework. So if you haven't already done that in the first lesson, we're going to do it here. And then step number four is outlining the outcomes for each stages. So we need your ideal client or the prospect that you're going to call with to understand what they're getting out of each stage. Alright, so in this last lesson here for this week, we're going to talk about how to package up your program. So there's four steps when it comes to packaging up your program, and I'll break it down for you here. So step number one is coming up with your program name. Really exciting part, but also somewhere that a lot of people get stuck as well. So step number two is your program tagline. So your tagline is like a descriptor that goes underneath your program name, and it just goes into a little bit more detail about who your program is for. Step number three is naming each stage of your framework. So remember my five stages. So if you haven't named your stages yet, this is where you're going to go do that. And then step number four is outlining the outcomes or the framework for... Alright, so in this very last lesson here for this week, we're going to put everything together now and package up your program. So when it comes to packaging your program, there's four core steps. So step number one is coming up with your program name. Step number two is creating your program tagline. So your tagline is like a descriptor statement, and it goes into more details about who and what your program is for. Step number three is naming each step of your framework. So if you haven't already done that from the first lesson here in this week, we're going to dive into how to name each stage of your framework. And then step number four is outlining the outcomes or even the milestones when a person completes each stage of your program. So the first step, naming your program. This is the exciting part. I always say somewhere where a lot of people get stuck in as well, because they just overthink it. So essentially with your program name, it needs to encompass who your program is for. It needs to be short, sharp, and sweet, and spark curiosity from the reader. And of course, it needs to roll off the tongue and be easy to say. You don't want to get stuck and have to think twice every time you say your program name. And a good way to add a descriptor to your program name is ending it with a method, a system, a program, or formula. It just makes it sound a little bit more credible. So an example here, you could call it the IBS Relief Formula. That's your program name or your framework name. Or you could call it the IBS Relief Program. For mine, it's the IBS to Freedom Program. And then step number two is creating your program tagline. So you can go into more description here. And your program tagline needs to showcase the desired outcome that your client wants and they're willing to pay for. So the way to structure it is you could say something like, for ideal clients, who this is for, who wants the desired outcome. So an example that I've got here is for women with IBS. So that's the ideal client who wants to, desire outcome, take control of uncomfortable gut symptoms and have more predictable bowel habits. So if you say it properly, so it's the IBS Relief Formula Program for women with IBS who wants to take control of uncomfortable gut symptoms and have more predictable bowel habits. Sounds great, doesn't it? And it's very catchy as well. And then step number three is where we're going to start naming the stages of the framework. So I've put in my IBS to Freedom Program framework here for you. And this is something that I've created on Canva. You can create something similar or make it look a little bit different. And as you can see on here, I've encompassed my program name, the tagline, the progress, the duration for each stages, and then the name of each stage as well. So I've called it laying the foundation, finding relief, diving deeper, finding your triggers, gaining clarity and gaining freedom. So this is an updated version, actually, of my program roadmap. All right. So it's got six stages. And once you've done that, step number four is then listing the outcomes of each stage. So I call these the marketing bullets. So when I talk clients through each stages, I'm going to say these things. So through completing stage one, you're going to understand the core foundations of how digestion works and the foundations of good gut health. From completing stage two, you're going to discover the secret to finding relief within two weeks and breaking free from frustrating gut symptoms, so on and so forth. So I've given you examples of how to list the outcomes. Again, it needs to spark curiosity. It needs to be outcome driven, a solution focus that your ideal client is looking for. So now it's over to you. Head on back to the signature program workbook and work on the third part where you're going to list your program name, your tagline, coming up with the stages or the names. So that's it now for this lesson. It's now back on over to you. I want you to go on over to the signature program workbook again and look at part three of the workbook where you're going to start to list out your program name, your tagline, your different stages of your framework, assign a name to it, and then also coming up with your marketing bullets or your outcomes. And once you've done that, that's all for this week and I'll see you over in next week's lesson where we're going to talk about sales calls or discovery calls. I'll see you then. Have a great week.
