---
Source Program: Accelerator Program
File Name: WEEK 11.3 - Dealing with Difficult Clients.mp4
---

All right, so in this lesson here, we're going to talk about how you can deal with difficult clients, because let's face it, friends, we're going to come across them along the way, and it's inevitable you're going to get the very small minority or percentage of clients who don't achieve results, and they're not great clients. So I'm going to talk about how you can deal with these clients and prevent things from getting worse. Now some really common client issues that you might come across in your practice are things like clients missing sessions or rescheduling at late notice, and they might do it over and over again to you, and we call them repeat offenders, or they might be pushing the sessions with you back and back and back because they feel like they haven't done their work or put into action what you... All right, so in this session here, we're going to talk about how you can deal with difficult clients, because let's face it, friends, difficult clients are going to come your way in business. It's inevitable, and the best thing that you can do is to be prepared and deal with these clients that may make your job difficult and what you can do to prevent things from getting worse. So to give you an idea of some of the difficult situations or the client issues that might come your way or... Okay, let's try again. All right, so in this lesson here, we're going to talk about how you can deal with difficult clients, because let's face it, we're all going to come across difficult clients in our practice along the way. It's inevitable. So what I want to do is to equip you with the skills and know how you can deal with these types of clients and what you can do to prevent things from getting worse. So some of the common client issues that you might experience or see along the way will be things like clients who are what we call repeat offenders, so they keep rescheduling their sessions or canceling their appointments at late notice, and it just keeps pushing the sessions back. Or you might have clients who reschedule their appointments because they haven't done the work. They haven't put what you've said into action yet, so they feel embarrassed about coming, so they reschedule at late notice. Or you might have clients who have paid you a lot of money and invested in working with you, but they're not committed to taking actions, but yet expecting to see results. Or you might have some clients who have super unrealistic goals and they expect to achieve big things when they're clearly really far from it. Or you might have clients who are constantly messaging you for help, and they're reaching out to you on social media, on emails, and on multiple different platforms outside of normal office hours, and they don't respect those boundaries that you have in place, and they treat you more like friends than a practitioner. So one of the key tips for managing difficult clients is to set very clear expectations and boundaries right from the beginning, and to address them as they arise. You don't want to brush it under the carpet because the situation can get worse, and then we'll almost be training our clients to know that it's okay when they do this to us, and they'll keep pushing the boundary and thinking that it's okay. So communication is key here, and you want to make sure that you address them as they come up. And don't be afraid to stay firm as well. Listen, you're not here to be their friend. You're not here to be liked. Your job here is to help them to make things work. You're here to help them to achieve results. And so if in the process of pleasing them and keeping them happy, it's deterring them from heading towards their goal and letting them slide, then we haven't done our job really well. So your role here is not to be liked. Your role here is to stay firm, to remind them of the rules, to keep them accountable, and any time that you need to refer them back to your investment document and the contract to remind them of what the expectations and the terms and conditions are. And like I mentioned in the last few lessons as well, when your clients get stuck, the questions that you ask is so much more important than the answers that you give them. Because let's face it, sometimes we are so used to rushing to provide help. When the clients get stuck, we run to them and give them the answers. But the key in this is to help them to recognize what's going on and how they can fix it. So I've got three questions or three types of questions that you can ask. So the first one would be what, why, and how. So the second thing to look at is how... So the second part to this is looking at what we do and how we respond when our clients get stuck. Because it's so easy for us to rush and run to them to give them help when they get stuck. But the key here lies in the questions that we ask them rather than the answers that we give them when they get stuck. Because what you want to do is get to the root of the problem and dive deep with them and ask them the types of questions like what, why, and how. So for example, kind of question you could ask is what is stopping you from making time to meal prep on the weekend? So if you've got a weight loss client that's really struggling to plan ahead, you will be asking them what is stopping them from... So the second part to this is looking at the types of questions that you ask them. So the second part to this is looking at your response when your clients get stuck. Because the worst thing that you can do for them as their client... So the second part to this is looking at your response when your clients get stuck. Because the worst thing that you can do for them as their coach or their dietician or nutritionist is to run to them and give them all the answers when they get stuck. Because you know what? The key here lies in the questions that you ask them rather than the answers that you give them. So when your clients get stuck, you want them to get to the root of that problem. You want to get them to think about what's happening there and helping them to reflect so the problem stops happening. Otherwise we'll just be going that cycle if we keep trying to fix things for them. So the types of questions that you ask them will lie in the what, why, and how. So to give you an example, let's say if you're working as a weight loss dietician and you've got a client who's struggling to lose weight and they keep getting stuck in the same old habits. A question that you could ask them is, for example, what is stopping you from making time to meal prep on the weekend? Getting them to reflect on what the problem is. What are the patterns that's keeping them stuck? And asking them to reflect on why that happened. And then leading them on to finding a solution, asking them how can we solve this problem and prevent it from happening again. So you can see when you're asking them these questions, you're coaching them through the process of getting unstuck. You're helping them to see the solution and come up with it themselves. And that, my friend, is so much more powerful than you rushing to give them the answers. So the next most common problem that can come up is dealing with client refund requests. This is the most frustrating part for any online business owners. And because we're online, people feel like they have the right to ask for it. And over email, you might get nasty emails as well about this. And let me put this to you straight. It's inevitable that this will happen, right? You're going to get the very minority of clients who are just difficult and they want refunds. And the next most difficult thing that a lot of online business owners would experience is refund requests. It is probably the most frustrating and most dreaded part for any online business owners. Let's face it, it's easy for someone to just shoot off an angry email and really hurt the other person on the other side, rather than them saying it to you face to face in person. And so you kind of have to develop a thick skin to learn how to deal with clients like that. Now, it's easy for a lot of people to make an impulse purchase, right? And change their mind over something because they may not feel like it or they might lose motivation along the way. And so they feel like they haven't utilized things and want a refund. And when this happens, it's inevitable, by the way, a lot of people will come across that. I've come across that in my business as well, is that you need to protect yourself right from the start. And that's one of the key terms and condition you need to have in your client agreement or contract, listing out whether you have got refund abilities and listing out whether you allow refunds for your packages or your programs and what are the terms and conditions around that. Now I want you to make sure. Now the next most frustrating, difficult client issue that you can experience in your business is dealing with refund requests. Friends, this is probably the most frustrating and dreaded thing that can happen to any online business owners. And it's happened to me and I'm. Now the last. Now the most. Gosh. Now the next most frustrating thing that can happen to online business owners is knowing. Now the next most frustrating client issue that you might come across is refund requests. And this is probably the most frustrating and dreaded part for any online business owners as well. But I want you to know that this is inevitable and there's always going to be a minority of clients who will be difficult and ask and insist on a refund. Now what you need to do right from the beginning is to protect yourself. So make sure that you have very clear terms and conditions around refund requests and what you would do in these situations. And of course, I am compassionate, right? And so if there's situations where it's things that you can't control, it's out of. Now of course, there are some situations where it's outside of control. Now of course, the situations that it's unforeseen that it's out of our control that could come up like, for example, someone was misdiagnosed with something or they might have a family death or something and they need to deal with it and they can't afford it or they might lose the job. For example, I would process that on a case by case basis. And for example, if a client bought a package with me with five sessions and they've only used one and things change, I would consider that case by case and offer a refund if that's needed. So what you want to do in that situation is to deduct any sessions that they've attended or any kind of digital products or resources that you've kind of given to someone and you can't refund or, and then. All right, the next most frustrating client issue that you might come across in your business is dealing with refund requests. It is probably the most dreaded one that a lot of online business owners don't like to deal with and to protect yourself, you need to make sure that you've got clear terms and conditions listed on your client agreements that you can protect yourself and have the ability to state your ground and remain firm when this comes up, because it can be really easy for someone to ask for a refund when they start to get unmotivated and they want to pull out or they might change their mind, right? And these are things that is outside of your control. And of course, when there is compassionate reasons for this, like if there's a family death or someone's lost their job, or they might be misdiagnosed and end up not having that condition at all, then they're not going to be able to use the remaining session. So what I would do in that situation is to review it on a case by case basis and then decide how much I want to refund. I'll usually say that there's no refunds available for any digital components of the program because you've given them full access to it already. So what I would do in that situation is to deduct any sessions that they've attended, any digital components that they've received so they can keep it, and also minus admin fee and merchant fees as well. So then the client will get the balance of the fee, then we can close it and move on from that. And I also want you to be aware as well that there will be some clients who would drag the sessions on and not finish the number of sessions that they've been allocated in their package within the time that you have together, and they might have two sessions that they've got to use and then maybe come back to you six months down the track. In those situations, I wouldn't honor them because the terms and conditions have been clearly listed in the contract. So I'd explain that to the client. And now lastly, I want to talk about the uncoachable client. The client that is clearly there who are not putting in the work that they need to, they're not pulling their weight, they're constantly making excuses for things that they haven't done. They're not willing to take any actions at all, or they're just simply disrespectful. And they didn't want to be there in the first place because they've been pushed to go there by a family or by the doctor or something like that. And these clients can be extremely difficult to deal with. And I want you to know that there will be a small percentage of clients like that. What I want you to recognize about these clients is that you cannot, and what I want you to recognize from this is that you cannot care about your client's results more than they care about it themselves. So if they're not pulling in their weight, and actually...


So what I want you to recognize from this about uncoachable clients is that you cannot care about the results more than they care about it themselves. So if they are not pulling in their weight, so what I want you to recognize about these clients is that you cannot care about the results more than they care about it themselves. So if these people are not pulling their weight, implementing what you tell them to do, and they don't care about the program, they don't care about putting in the work, then you got to let that go. You got to let that client go and not stress about it. So what I want you to recognize is that you cannot care about your clients results more than they care about it themselves. So these clients are not pulling their weight, they're not putting in the work and taking the actions that you've discussed to achieve those goals and outcome and they're failing. It's not your fault. Don't take it on as your fault and start questioning whether you're good enough or not. These clients are the problem, right? So when you get these clients, don't put it upon yourself. You're here to help them, to coach them and to support them. You're not here to do the work for them. So when these clients come up, don't stress about it. Let them go if you need to, otherwise, have a conversation with them and let them know and stay firm and tell them that they cannot achieve the results if they don't pull in the weight. All right. So that's all I want to share with you in this lesson here. So what I want you to recognize from this is that you cannot care more about your clients results more than they care about it themselves. So these clients are not pulling their weight, they're not putting in the work, they're not taking the action steps that you talk about and they're not achieving their goals. It is not your fault. For a long time, I always felt responsible for my client's results. And if they don't put in the work to achieve these results and they fail, I take it on personally and start to question whether it's something that I've done or not. And I want you to recognize that there are going to be clients like that along the way. So it's important to separate their success or their failures from your ability and your skillset as their guide or their mentor or their coach. So what I want you to see and recognize from this is that you cannot care about your client's results more than they care about it themselves. So these clients are not pulling their weight, they're not putting the work into. So what I want you to recognize from this is that you cannot care about your client's results more than they care about it themselves. So if they're not pulling their weight, they're not putting in the work that they need to and failing as a result. It is not your fault that they failed. You always need to remember that you're here to guide them, to coach them, and to hold them accountable, but you're not here to do the work for them. So if this comes up and this client is not heading your advice and they're not putting in the work and you had multiple conversations with them, then recognize that you're not a good fit for each other. And sometimes it might mean you have to let them go so you don't waste each other's time anymore. So I just wanted to quickly talk about this because when you get clients like that, it can be really disheartening and difficult to deal with. So know that it's never your fault and they need to help themselves first before you can help them. All right. So that's all for this week and I hope this has been helpful. Next week is the 12th week of this program and also the final week as well. So I look forward to seeing you then.
