---
Source Program: Accelerator Program
File Name: WEEK 2 - Definining Your ICA - Last 2 slides.mp4
---

Alright, so in order for you to come up with the ideal client avatar, first of all, I want you to do some market research. And these are some of the platforms that you can go to to look for information for your research. You will find these on your worksheet as well, so don't worry about writing all of this down. First of all, the easiest place for you to get to is your competitor's social media pages on Instagram or Facebook so you can look through that to see what kind of content they're creating, what are people asking in terms of comments on the posts and things like that. You could even pull your audience for Instagram stories or on your Facebook page if you already have an audience, okay? And then you could also request to join three to five Facebook groups as well. And these are really cool places where your ideal clients hang out so you can go on in there, look at the types of questions they're asking, and then be able to come up with themes around what kind of frustrations or concerns they have because that's going to help you with your content creation as well. And do note down some of the keywords that they say in terms of the frustrations. And then next, you could go on to answerthepublic.com. It's a website where it pulls together all the common questions that people are asking when you type in certain keywords, alright? So for example, if you type in IBS, it's going to pull up all the questions people ask like, what is IBS? How is IBS diagnosed? All of these are going to be really helpful for you when it comes to content creation, alright? And then of course, you can use Google or YouTube if you have time, or if you already have an established email list, you could leverage that as well and send out a survey to your audience, alright? So what I would love for you to do now is go on to the download section and download the worksheet defining your ICA and work through the market research component and then develop your ICA. And once you've done that, go on over to the Facebook group and share who your ICA is all about so we can cheer you on and I can also help you to refine that as well if you get stuck. Wonderful. So I'll see you over in the next lesson where we're going to talk about developing your marketing message.
