---
Source Program: Accelerator Program
File Name: WEEK 1 - Finding Your Profitable Niche.mp4
---

Hello there, and in this lesson here, we're going to talk about finding your profitable niche. And I'm going to be taking you through the practical steps of how to identify your niche. Okay. And a lot of people would think that niching is about that industry, right? So some people would say, Oh, I'm in the nutrition niche or I'm in the fitness niche. And that in itself, it's, you know, okay, it gives you an idea, but it's not good enough. Someone can't really tell who is it that you help and what is it that you do? So what I want you to think when it comes to niching is about solving a specific problem for a specific clientele. So it's identifying what your ideal client is struggling with and then providing that solution to help them achieve it. And this is really where the money is. Okay. Now, when it comes to niching, I've got the PPD method to help you guide that. So it is really a three part process. It's about passion. It's about profit and it's about demand. So I'm going to break it down for you. The first part is passion. So ask yourself, is this something that you're really passionate about and you can talk about it all day long and you can, you know, get, forget about time when you're reading about this. So for example, if you're doing professional development, it gets you excited every time you see something coming up with that or a new journal article, and you just can't wait to dive into that to learn more. So that shows that you're passionate about that area. Okay. And the second part is profit. Now it's hard to know if an area is profitable unless you're going into it, but what I want you to do is actually look at other people who are doing it, right? If you're in the IBS niche, look at those people in the IBS field, are they getting clients? Are they charging a lot for their program? Are they getting a lot of people coming through to them? And that's a really helpful indicator to know something is profitable. But another step that you can do that I recommend that you take is to also think about how many sessions someone actually would need to help you get them from A to Z. So if you're thinking about, I'm going to give you a very rough example of maybe hypertension, okay? High blood pressure. You get referral from a doctor to see a client with high blood pressure, and that's all the problem that they have. I know I can easily cover how to fix hypertension in one session. Maybe I'll do it in two so I can get them to come back and review what they're doing. But then that's it. They will often just walk away, go and implement it, and then they're fine, right? And so it's really hard to retain someone for multiple visits. So when it comes to niching and profitability, I want you to think about going to a condition or an area that requires more than three sessions to fix. So that's a rough guide of more than three sessions. The more, the better. And a really good example would be weight loss. We know, okay, roughly it will take someone three or four sessions to learn about what they need to do to help them lose weight, but the money is in the accountability and the follow-up because that's where a lot of people fall through the gaps and they struggle. So that means that they will need more support, more sessions. So that's a really profitable field, and you would know there's a lot of people in the weight loss industry. So it's a money-making industry, okay, for sure. And then the third part of the PPD method is demand. So you want to see, is there enough demand for it? Is there enough people searching for it? Is there people asking for it? Now to give you an example with demand. So I struggle with a condition called orophagy granulomatosis, I still struggle to pronounce it, O-F-G, orophagy granulomatosis. So when I first got diagnosed with it, I really scoured through all the literature, I did a lot of research to find information about O-F-G and how to treat it because, you know, my oral facial surgeon, sorry, oral medicine specialist suspected that I had benzoate and cinnamon intolerance. And so I had to go and find information about it so I can eliminate that from my diet, but there was so little information about that. So I thought, brilliant, you know, I'm going to learn this and I'm going to teach that to people. And it was a very difficult diet to implement, of course, but when I looked further into it, I realized how niche this area is. Yes, it's a good niche, there's not many dieticians at all in the world tackling this, but I realized that really there's not enough people to help, you know, it's like zero point something percent of people in the world struggling with this. So there wouldn't be enough money in it for me. So even though it takes passion, because I personally struggle with it, it may not tick the box of profit and demand, okay? So on the worksheet that you're going to find in this download section, I've got a little bit of a matrix or a criteria for you to complete. So you want to put in all the interest areas that you would have completed from the last lesson when we brainstormed the zone of genius, just pull them across to this worksheet, put them in and just tick the areas that it matches, that it fits. Because what you want to do is find something that fix all three criteria and that's where your sweet spot is, that's your niche, where you'll get a good balance of clients coming through. And then once you've done that, the next part of this lesson and in the worksheet, it's about narrowing down on your niche, okay? For example, I say, okay, go into the field of fertility, but you might then be thinking, what kind of people you want to work with, how you want to help them, what is it that they're struggling with? And this is what this part is. You can't just say fertility, you actually need to get more specific. And this exercise here is going to help you do that. And we do it by three parts. So we're looking at the who you're helping in your niche, what is what they're struggling with? And then the how is your process, what do you do to help them get better? So I'm going to give you the example of IBS, that's my niche, okay? So the who of who I help is women who struggle with IBS. And of course I will get some male clients and I do have male clients coming to me, but my marketing message, the content, the sort of branding, it's all very female oriented. And that's done intentionally because I know that I want to help women because I connect with women better, but it doesn't mean I can't work with men or I'm being discriminative here at all. Okay. So the who is women with IBS, the what is women who are struggling with uncomfortable gut symptoms and how I help them is by helping them to achieve symptom relief using the low FODMAP diet. Okay. So I want you to go onto the worksheet and narrow in on your niche so you can come up with a niche statement similar to mine or different. It's up to you. Okay. And I know some people do struggle with this, so I'm going to give you an example to finish off. Okay. For example, a lot of people love the weight loss niche and weight loss industry. And they will say, I'm a weight loss dietician and I help people lose weight. But instead of saying that you want to capture people in with your niche statement, okay, it's a little bit like your elevator pitch. And I'm going to get you to dive more into this in the next few lessons. So don't stress too much about it. I want you to just put together the different components to help you narrow in your niche. So you could say, instead of saying, I'm a weight loss dietician, say I help women who struggle with yo-yo dieting and binge eating to heal their relationship with food and their body using the intuitive eating and haze approach. So when you compare the both, tell me which one sounds better, which one tickles your fancy better, which one sounds more specialized and comprehensive. Of course, it's the second statement, right? So I want you to go through this activity and narrowing on your niche, and then we're going to go into the next lesson where we talk about the three mistakes to avoid when niching.
