---
Source Program: Accelerator Program
File Name: WEEK 1 - Finding Your Competitive Edge.mp4
---

All right, welcome to this very last lesson for this week where we're going to help you to find your competitive edge, the thing that's different about you to help you stand out because this is where the money is, in the gap, okay? Now when we talk about competitive edge, it's really thinking about what makes you different to your competitors. What's different about you that's going to help you to stand out in the competitive online space that's especially nutrition, there's so many nutrition accounts out there, so you really need to think about how you're unique and different to help you stand out because if you're plain vanilla, you're probably just going to blend in and be just like everyone else. Now when we talk about competitive edge, a lot of people do really struggle to understand what's different about them and I want you to look at it from the broader perspective. For example, as an IBS dietician myself, I know that we are all going to teach the low FODMAP diet, right? So you might be thinking, what's different about you then? And in actual fact, I can tell you there's so many different things about me and the services that I provide at my program versus the next IBS dietician because I, me, is the variable, is the different element in this because my style of teaching, the way I explain things to my clients, the way I step them through the process of going from A to Z to the end result, the way that I convey that information will be so different to what the next IBS dietician will be teaching. And I might have a really holistic approach to IBS management, whereas their focus could just be on nutrition, right? So that in itself can be different. And what I'm looking at is the gap in market, gap in the market where there's a specific group of people or specific bits that is not being addressed. For example, one of my clients, she had gone further into a niche and instead of just working with women with IBS, she's now looking at busy moms, moms after kids who may have their symptoms worsen. She's going to that and targeting moms with IBS, right? So you can see that specific connection once again, that someone who is that ideal client that comes across their account, they're going to build that connection instantly. So that could be something that's really different where it's not just your approach, but the specific group of people that you work with. And of course it can relate to the value that you provide. You could be someone who's really big on client experience and going all out for your clients and wowing them and giving them that comprehensive support that they need. It could also relate to your branding, your colors, your marketing message, the way you talk about yourself, the way that you sell. You could be someone who's really approachable and friendly and all of that, and the way you price your services that someone would see the value in that. So that can all make you very different to the person next to you. So I don't want you to be intimidated by the competition in this field because what we're going to do next in this exercise is really important. And I want you again to work your mindset muscle here because this is the part where a lot of people can stumble and become really, I guess the imposter syndrome can creep up and they become a bit fearful or worried about too much competition out there is I want you to think about what's already out there and look at your competitors. There's no better way for me to word this rather than competitor research or market research essentially. You want to look at what's out there and think about from a positive standpoint, how can you be different? What can you offer that's different to your clients that will help you to stand out in your niche? And I want you to keep this exercise neutral and friendly because there's going to be a lot of people that you know who will be in the same niche, people in this program or people friends that you know that you may have gone through your tertiary education with and they're in this field as well. And I want you to approach this positively. Think about what you can do differently so you can improve the quality of care that you provide to your ideal client in this niche so you can help them to achieve better outcomes. And then look at what is different. What can you offer that's different? So what I want you to do right now is to go to the worksheet. I've given you three sections for you to fill in your competitor research. You can of course do five or more if you want, but don't spend too much time on this. I want you to look at what's already out there. What is your competitor offering? What is their price points? What are they doing really well or what do you like about their brand or their style, the way they do things? And then think about what can you be unique and different about it because the riches is really in the niches. And then once you've done that part, the second part of the worksheet that you're going to find in this section is looking at selling to the gap because this is really, like I said, where the money is, where no one wants to go just yet. Okay. And you're going to go there. You're going to be brave and service that little gap. So what you want to be asking yourself as you're working through this is what do you see lacking in your industry or the niche that you're in and what is everyone in this industry failing to deliver that you can do, that you can offer? And where is it that your prospects, your ideal client is stumbling and falling and they really need more help to help them get there easier. And lastly, how can you be different in your approach? Now the last part can be tricky and a lot of people do struggle to see how they can be different because it can feel like it's all been done. And if you really struggle with this, I want you to go ahead to the Facebook group and ask for help. Let us know what your niche is, what your competitors are doing, and let us know where you're getting stuck at and we can brainstorm and help you find ideas about how you can be different. And believe me, there can be 500, 1,000, 10,000 IBS dieticians out there, but each person will have something slightly different about them and the services that they provide. So we're going to help you to get to this. So go ahead to the download section now, get the worksheet and start working through it. And once you've done that, that's all the work that we're doing for this week. So if you've kind of dashed through it all and you've finished it, well done. If you're struggling, please do go ahead to the Facebook group and ask for help because we're here for you. And next week, we're going to dive deeper into your ideal client. So this week we've worked a lot on your niche, the overarching sort of area that you're going to be working in. And what we're going to be doing next week is really getting to understand our ideal client, understanding their pain point and learning the language. So we can use that in our marketing copy. And then of course, we're going to go into Instagram. I know a lot of you are super excited about social media and getting out there to talk about it, but we need to get all these foundations done first. So I will see you in next week's lesson. Take care, everyone.
