---
Source Program: Accelerator Program
File Name: WEEK 0 - Welcome & Roadmap.mp4
---

If we haven't met already, my name is Sharlyn Ooi, I'm your business coach for this program and I'm a dietitian by trade as well. I'm super pumped to be welcoming you into this program and over the next 12 weeks, we're going to have so much fun together. And I want you to open up your mind and be like a sponge and soak up as much as possible because we have so much to teach you and help you to grow your business. Now we've got over 40 lessons here on the accelerator program and I've poured my heart and soul into this program to create a resource and a guide for you to start your own online business and to grow it to become successful. And these are all the things that I wish someone had available for me to teach me and guide me through as a dietitian when I first started. So I'm super excited to be handing this to you to help you save time and grow your business in the quickest way possible. Now what I would love for you to do in this week to help you prepare yourself for this program is to fill out a few things. And then also there's two lessons in this preparation week for you to watch so we can work on some core stuff, some foundational things before you get started officially next week. So are you ready? All right, so let's dive into the accelerator. All right, so let's dive into the accelerator framework. Now, the accelerator program is a five step framework for dietitians and nutritionists to start and build a thriving online practice. So you should have already seen this before you join the program. But I want to go through this in more detail with you now to help you understand how the program is structured. So there's five phases to this program. So phase one is clarify. Phase two is build. Phase three is attract. Phase four is convert. And phase five is delight. And each and every individual phase is designed to help you to take. Great. So right now I want to dive into the accelerator program framework with you to help you know what to expect in the 12 weeks that we have together. So the program is specially designed for dietitians and nutritionists to start and build a thriving online practice. And the program is divided into five phases. So phase one is clarify. Phase two is build. Phase three is attract. Phase four is convert. And phase five is delight. And each and every single step of the program is designed in a way to help you make progress and achieve little milestones that will lead you towards the bigger picture of building your private practice online and seeing clients. Now I'm going to go through each individual phase right now. Now let's go through each and every phase in detail right now. So phase one is clarify. And this is the stage where you're going to learn to clarify your why. You'll clarify who you want to work with, which is your ideal client. So phase one is clarify. So this is your core foundational step. So phase one is to clarify. So this is your core foundational step where you're going to learn to clarify your deep why, who you want to work with, what areas and how you want to work with them. So we're going to cover this in week one and two of the program. And phase two is to build. Now this is building your practice structure. So we're going to spend one week going through all the details and you'll be working on it in the background all throughout the 12 weeks. Phase three is about attracting and we'll be spending weeks four and six on this. So I'll be helping you to learn how to attract your ideal clients into your practice through social media. And between week seven to 10, we're going to teach you how to convert people who are your ideal clients into actual paying clients. And this is a really exciting part of the program because there's a lot of practical tools and resources, marketing tips and hacks that I wish someone had told me when I first started. And then finally, phase five, we're going to be covering this between weeks 11 to 12. And I'm going to teach you how to provide the most amazing program experience for your clients to help them become raving fans. And finally, in phase five of the program, which we'll be covering between weeks 11 to 12. And I'm going to teach you how to improve the client experience and to provide your clients with the most amazing results that will get them become raving fans. And they'll be sharing your expertise and all about you to their friends and family. So that's a good. So that's a quick overview of the program framework. You're going to be able to download a more detailed structure. So that's a quick overview of the program framework. You're going to be able to download a more detailed program timeline in the resource section of this video lesson here. And then what I would like for you to do next is three things. So first of all, I want you to go on over to the next lesson to complete the program intake questionnaire so we can learn more about you and get to know you better. And then the second thing to do is to head on over to the Apple Store or if you're using an Android to the Google Play to download the Kajabi mobile app. Now, this is a free app and will become really helpful if you're someone who likes to listen on the go. Kajabi mobile app will enable you to connect to all the lessons to this portal right here so you can watch all our video lessons and download worksheets on the go. I would, of course, recommend that you view all your videos on the desk. So that's a really quick overview of the program framework. Now, you're going to be able to find a more detailed program timeline in the download section of this video here. And once you've done that, there's three things I'd like for you to do next before we get started next week. So first up is to go to the next lesson to complete the online program intake questionnaire so we can get to know you better. And the second step is to go on over to the Google Play if you've got an Android or if you've got an Apple iPhone to the Apple App Store to download the Kajabi mobile app. And that's the icon. It is a free app and it will enable you to connect to our portal right here and watch your video lessons and download the worksheets on the mobile on the go if you want to. A lot of my students in the past have utilized the app to watch the lessons on the go as they're commuting to work and then they go back to the desktop to complete the worksheets. So if you're someone who likes to do things on the go whilst you're traveling to work and making the best use of your commuting time, that's going to be really helpful for you. And then thirdly, go and join the private Facebook group. This is where all the action happens. This is a safe place for you to ask questions. No questions is dumb. So please don't feel embarrassed to ask. It is a place for you to get help, to connect with other program members. And it's also where we have our weekly wins thread and also our weekly questions thread. So you can post your questions on there and share your wins so we can cheer you on along this journey. All right, then. Now go and complete the intake questionnaire and watch the two video lessons about mindset before we get started next week. And I can't tell you how excited I am to dive into next week's lesson with you. I'm so... I'll see you next week. Take care now. So go on over to the Facebook group now and introduce yourself and then I'll see you in next week's lesson. So the third thing is to join the private Facebook group. Now the Facebook group is where all the action happens outside of this online portal. On the Facebook group, that's where we're going to be chatting to you. So the third thing is to go on over and join the private Facebook group. Now the Facebook group is where all the action happens outside of this learning portal. It will be a place, a safe place for you to ask questions and no questions is too small. You can reach out and seek help if you're feeling stuck. And it will also be a place for you to connect with all other program members. Now every week we're going to put up a question thread in preparation for our weekly Q&A call that you and I have together. So go on over and post your questions there. You can also put in your wins or every small little achievement that you have. It doesn't matter how small it is. Go on over and post it in our wins post every single week. Now that's all for now. Go on over to the private Facebook group and introduce yourself. Let us know where you're from. And finish off the intake questionnaire and the two video lessons on mindset before we get started next week. I can't wait to officially start with you next week and dive into the lessons that I've got prepared for you. See you then.
