---
Source Program: Accelerator Program
File Name: WEEK 4 - Canva Templates & Useful Tools.mp4
---

All right, so in this very last lesson for this week, I'm going to go through some popular or more common... So welcome to this very last lesson for this week, where we're going to be going through some of the popular tools that I recommend that you use when it comes to content creation. I'll also be sharing with you some templates that you can copy and adapt across to your Canva account for you to create beautiful content that will make your life so much easier. All right, so the first part of it is using Canva Pro to create your content. Now you can of course get Canva on the free version to start with, and you can pretty much access a lot of features on it. But when you upgrade to the pro version for a small fee, you're going to have so much more access to a wider range of features, which also includes removing the background. So for example, if I'm taking a picture right here, I can pull it into Canva and actually remove the background that's behind me. So you'll just see an image of me. So it's definitely really helpful. And the other thing on the pro version is that you can schedule your post to Facebook and a few other places. You can't do it for Instagram right now, so we have other tools for it, but it's definitely a really good one to utilize because it does save you a whole bunch of headache. And Canva Pro is $17.99 Aussie dollars per month at the moment, but you can also get the upgrade on the 30 day free trial before you start paying the full price. Now the next one is creative market. I know a lot of us are not born designers. We don't have an eye for detail and creating posts and images can actually be quite stressful and tiring for us. So what I would recommend is going onto creative market. I've put a link in the worksheet as well for you, but basically creative market is a nice marketplace where freelance people or people who have their own businesses and graphic designers create pre-made templates and put them on this marketplace to sell. And they're definitely really affordable. You can buy something for 29 USD to start and have a range of different templates and images here. So you can get templates for Instagram posts, for lead magnets, for different fonts and lots of different things. So highly, highly recommend it to start. There's also other tools that you will find useful along your journey of content creation. So it's websites like Unsplashed, Pixabay and Paxels. They're really good for getting stock images that other people have taken and they put them on these free sites to help them gain visibility. So you can definitely download those and use it as royalty free photos. And then there's websites like VSCO or Unfold. They're really good for editing your photos and there's presets on there. They're helpful for your mobile. And then there's tanner.com, which I talked about earlier, where you can download Giphy's for your posts. So what I do is go into tanner.com, find the Giphy's that I like, and I'll download the Giphy as an MP4 file without writing any captions on it. And then I pull that MP4 video into Canva and then create my text on there. Because Canva, on Canva you can create the post with the Instagram sizing, where else on tanner.com, you know, there's different sizing to it. So it may get cut off if you do your captions on there. And of course, I talked about later or plannerly. These are two platforms that I highly recommend you look at for scheduling your post. So we will cover more about that in next week's lesson. So I've got a whole heap of examples and Canva templates that you can use. Head on over to the download section and click on the link in the description below as well for a link to the Canva template. So I'll see you in next week's lesson. Have fun creating all your Canva posts for this week. We'll talk soon.
