---
Source Program: Accelerator Program
File Name: WEEK 3 - Mapping The Client Journey.mp4
---

Hey there, so in this lesson here, we're going to be talking about the client journey. And my intention in this lesson is to give you a broad overview of what to expect when someone lands on your page and they go from being interested to working with you and the all the steps in between. So I'll lay it out to give you a broad overview, because in the next few weeks, whilst you're setting up your online practice, you're going to need to have a broad idea of what to expect. And then we're going to dive deeper into each step in the next few weeks. So what we are expecting, there's two ways for people to work with you. And the easiest and simplest way for you to get started is the discovery call method. And this is especially beneficial, especially if you're someone new, because you want to have the opportunity to talk to your ideal client as much as possible. And we do discovery calls to get to know what your ideal clients are struggling with. You want to build that trust and rapport with them during the call. And of course, you want to also practice your sales pitch as well, and to know how to convert someone from someone who's warm and interested to being a client and also answering objections and helping people overcome those objections as well in order to convert them. So I'm going to give you two ways of doing this. The first way is the discovery call method. And the second way is the upsell method. And so let's dive and look into the discovery call method. So this person, let's call her Mary. So Mary lands on your Instagram page, and she looked through the posts that you've done. She looked at your stories, and she really felt connected with you and your messaging and what you say. And so she wants to work with you, but she's not quite sure yet about what you offer and what you do and how you can help her. So what we would want to do is encourage someone like Mary to take the next step and book in a discovery call so they will have the opportunity to get to meet you before they commit to working with you. So at this point, you want to encourage them to book in a discovery call, but we don't want someone to just book in a call and that's all because you don't want to make it that easy. What I mean by this is that a lot of times, because being the internet, people will feel that they have the right to book something and not show up, and that's okay. And you will get time wasters like that, and yes, it will be really frustrating. And so you want to screen people beforehand and make sure that people who get on the call are actually people who are committed to wanting to do something about their health and they're kind of pre-qualified as well. So what you want to do is for people to book in the call, find a time that suits them. But then the next step during the booking process is that they will fill in a few questions at that point in time. And I have these questions for you as a guide in this lesson here. So you'll find it in the download section. You want to kind of step people through some questions so you can pre-qualify them and make sure that they're going to be the right fit and people that you want to work with. And so once someone completes that, then you will get the booking, they will get the confirmation, and you get on the discovery call with them. So on the discovery call, we're going to provide you with a script with some questions to guide you. It's not something for you to use word by word, but it's a guide. And we'll have that available for you as you progress through the program. So let's say if you successfully converted this person and they say, yes, I want to work with you and I love the sound of your package. Now we're going to create your package offer in a few weeks, so that will happen very soon. So then once they say, yes, I want to work with you, then you will then send them your new client agreement, which will have all the terms and conditions like a contract essentially. So you have that expectation when you work with someone and you're not going to get people who agree to work with you and then decide to refund later so they know what is expected. And you're going to send them a link to your invoice for payment as well. So then the prospect or the person who wants to work with you will sign the agreement and make the payment. And then you want to automate onboarding email that you will send to them. So in the email, it will contain your new client form, your food journal, any other things you want them to fill in before you get on the call with them, your first consult call, because that will help you to make a better use of your consult time with them. And you'll have some information with you already that you would have looked through and get to know. And then you can spend that time educating the client and setting goals with them. So you would then start working with the client and throughout the process, you're going to wow the client, get them results. And depending on where you are, you want to collect testimonials as you work with clients as well, because that's going to be a really good proof, social proof to other people that you are capable of getting your clients results and help people to know what to expect by working with you. Now, if you're in Australia, you can, if people want to write you a testimonial, yes, still collect that, but you're not going to publish it. What I would encourage you to do is collect data, a pre-start and end of program survey. So you can compare outcomes and things like that. And you can report those objective data in your advertising because these objective data, it's not a testimonial to say, so-and-so is a great practitioner. She was very caring. She helped me achieve X, Y, Z results. If you have objective data saying 80% of clients who went through this program achieved more than 90% improvement in their symptoms. Now that's an objective data that is within our advertising guidelines as APDs in Australia. So you will be able to do that. And if you're in America, you can use testimonials, same for you if you're in the UK as well. So that's the discovery call method. Method number two is the consult upsell method. Now what would happen with this one is that you would just have the booking link for people to book in a consult. And then you could also have a discovery call link that talks about your package. So you can have both as well. So in the consult upsell method, essentially you're encouraging people to book in for that first consult with you, and they will need to pay a deposit to secure the consult. Because again, people might book appointment and then don't show up. Then you're going to waste that slot, right? So people book in the consult, they'll get the onboarding form and all that to fill in. You'll have the consult with them. And all throughout the consult, let's say for example, you're an IBS dietician, and we know that it takes more than one consult to fix someone's gut issues. And you need to step them through a few phases in order for them to go through the low FODMAP diet, identify the triggers, and have long term control. So let's say it takes five sessions for you to do this with a client. So during the consult, I'm going to go explain to them what they need to do and educate them on the low FODMAP diet. And I'm going to weave in messaging about how someone will need, usually you work with clients over five consults to help them achieve results. And this is what we cover in each consult. So you're going to lay out your roadmap and show them exactly how many steps it takes to help them get from A to Z. And weave in those messaging in there, because then the client is going to understand, oh yeah, you know, it's going to take more than one session for me to achieve results. And it sounds like she's got everything planned and stepped up. And I want to go through this program and do it right the first time around so I can get the best results, right? So when you are verbalizing it that way, all throughout the consult, the person already has that kind of perception in their mind that they need to commit to a process. And then at the end, as you're closing up, then you're booking that person in for a second consult, and then you can step them through your package and what's included. So you're upselling on the consult onto your package. And then you would deduct that 50% fee from your package that, you know, you would normally charge. Let's say your package is $500 and they paid $50 for the deposit for your initial consult. You take them out and then charge the balance and then you send the person the new client agreement, and then you would work with the client. So both ways work really well. You could have both options on your website for booking the initial and then upsell and then having the discovery call for your package as well. But I would always want you and like you to keep things simple to start with. So you could just have the discovery call option and have as many people go through as possible. So you can do your market research, practice your discovery call skills, and then get even better at a sales pitch and being non-salesy. All right. So this is all that I want to cover in this lesson here. We are going, like I said, going deeper into discovery calls in the next few weeks. What I want you to do is to get your discovery call application form set up. And as you work through all the other things that you've got to set up, like your booking and scheduling links and all of that, that can all merge together. So in the next couple of lessons, you're going to find a lot more templates for new client forms. So these are all the forms that you'll need to get set up and for journals as well. So you can, you're more than welcome to use them for your practice and just put in your logo and everything because I've set out everything to make it as simple as possible for you to get started. So you don't have to reinvent the wheel. So that's all for this week's lesson in terms of videos, you will find more downloads in the next few lessons and I'll see you in next week's videos. See you then. 
