---
Source Program: Accelerator Program
File Name: WEEK 5 - Mastering Content Creation.mp4
---

Hey there Rockstars, welcome back to week five of the accelerator program. Now in this week's modules, we're going to be talking all about content creation in the video format. And I know that last week we have already been talking about content creation and you've been hard at work brainstorming ideas for your content playlist and your post. And I hope you are having lots of success coming up with ideas for your content. But before we go there, I want to... Hey there Rockstars, welcome to week five of the accelerator program. Now I know a lot of you have been hard at work at creating your content pillars and coming up with ideas on... Welcome back to week five of the accelerator program. I'm so excited that you're here with me again this week. And I know a lot of you have been hard at work coming up with your content pillars and ideas for your Instagram posts. And this week we're going to dive into video content. And I know that when I talk about the word video content, a lot of you are probably starting to freak out and cringe a little bit, but I want to reassure you that this is a very common feeling and a lot of people are a little bit scared of showing up on video. And that's why I want to quickly address a few limiting beliefs and roadblocks that people would often face. Now having worked with so many dieticians and nutritionists, I know a lot of people are going to start getting into the cycle of content creation, overwhelmed when they actually start doing the work and putting all the strategies into practice. And it's especially the case, probably in the first two months of content creation and starts to feel a little bit overwhelming. And some of the things that would often hear about these stuff like people saying, I don't know what to post. I have no idea and I have no time to post. I'm so busy getting all the basic foundational stuff set up. I might have a full-time job or I have family and I just haven't got time to do this. And it's actually taken me a lot of time to create a piece of content. And I want to share this quick little, I suppose, back secret thing, something that I'm not very proud of. When I first started creating content, I was probably spending about 90 minutes creating a post and writing the captions. Sometimes it could take me two hours. And the reason for that was because I would go create a post and then go read an article or look up information to make sure that what I was saying was correct. And I'll go on to Instagram to look at what people have said about that topic. And then when I start scrolling, looking, I start having that imposter syndrome, that self-doubt pop up. And then I'll go back and change my post again. That's why that took me so long because I was validating myself and knew exactly what I needed to say and what I have to say, but I was doubting myself and my ability. So I needed to check the accuracy of information that just took so much time. So I do hear about this quite a lot as well from other dieticians. So if you do experience this, I want you to remember that and reassure you that you do know your stuff and you need to stop looking at what other people were doing and actually get down to creating the content. And because it took so much time for me and probably a lot of people out there as well, I started to see Instagram content creation as a waste of time because I could be spending that time working with patients and doing discovery calls or creating more content on blogs and things like that. So I saw it as a waste of time. But once I tweaked my strategy, I had my content pillars in place. I had ideas of what to create and I knew exactly what my audience needed to help them say yes to me or to go and apply. Things change. My mindset around it change. And so it's a very common one that people are stuck in. And one really common one that I hear about as well as a lot of people would say that they're a very private person. So they don't want to show the private life or they don't want to show the face on Instagram because they don't want to be visible to everyone out there in the world or maybe the family or friends might be watching. So they feel a little bit embarrassed and self-conscious. And with that in mind, I know also that a lot of people are very introverted. And so showing up and being on camera can be really challenging. And if some of you are saying yes and nodding to these things, then I want you to remember these five key tips. And these are personal tips, experiences I've been through and strategies that I've used to overcome some of those self-doubt and limiting beliefs. So to help you achieve success, I want you to remember tip number one is that success doesn't happen overnight. It takes time. And I've also given you this analogy before earlier on in this program that running a business and growing your audience and becoming successful and profitable online as a business takes time. And it's like training and running a marathon. It takes time and you need to keep persisting and being consistent in your training in order for you to succeed and finish a marathon. And same thing as running a business as well. You need to keep remaining consistent because there are times when it will be hard. You might be tired. You may not have things planned and you might be really busy that you struggle to be consistent. I want you to remember that it's okay. Just need to pick yourself back up and keep going. Don't mull over what's happened and don't get into that guilt cycle as well. And the second thing is to focus on providing value for your audience. And a really big motto that I live by is that I need to serve before I sell. You need to serve by providing content, by building connections and helping people to build that bridge with you on the online world because it's much harder to trust someone on the online world and people can be really skeptical. So you want to build that bridge by providing valuable content and helping the people to see that you're someone who knows what you're talking about. And once you build that bridge, it will be so much easier for someone to come across. So always remember, I want you to serve before you sell. It might be a good couple of months before you start seeing results and start having people to start and contact you. And the third thing is to remember who you're showing up for. Now this has probably been one of the biggest struggle for me. And I know a lot of people is experiencing this as well, that a lot of us work from home. And so sometimes we get so engrossed and so busy into doing the work that we forget about showing up on social media. And when it comes three, four o'clock, you look at the time and realize, oh no, I haven't showed up on social media today. I haven't been on stories and we start beating ourselves up for it. And then we look in the mirror and realize our hair is in the mess. We've got a little hair bun and haven't got makeup on, our skin looks terrible and we can stop ourselves from showing up because we don't look good for the camera. And if that's you and you fear showing up because you're not looking your best and you fear showing up because you don't know what to say, I want you to remember who you're showing up for. And what I always remind myself was that I'm not showing up for myself. I'm showing up for my ideal client, that person who is struggling with gut issues, that person who's struggling with showing up online for the business. And I'm here to let them know that it is possible to get better from their gut issues. You know, for a business owner, that it's possible to start their own online business and it's possible to overcome all these fears and limiting beliefs that we've got that we often hold ourselves back from, that it's possible to grow a business using Instagram and become profitable in what we do so we can leave our daytime job and focus on growing our business full time. And someone, I always remember that someone who is traveling from work, and that's me, right? Back in those days when I'm traveling and spending probably about two hours in traffic, two, three hours in traffic every single day, going to a job that, you know, just doesn't like my world anymore and I'd rather be spending that time at home with my daughter. That person out there needs to hear that it is possible to let go of something in order to chase my dream and that I can do something, even though it might seem really hard, that there's strategies, there's people out there who can help me. And I always remember that so that I can show up to share that message and encourage that person and to reassure them that it's okay. And when you get that message from that someone who say, thank you so much for sharing this, it really spoke to me today and I really needed to hear it. I can guarantee and promise you that that is going to be the biggest motivator for you to show up because you know that person really benefited from your message. So I want you to always remind yourself of who you're showing up for and why you're showing up. It's not just for us. It's for someone out there as well. And the next tip is to treat Instagram like a core part of your business task every single day. So if you're working at the hospital, if you go into work in the office, there's core stuff that you need to get through every day, your KPI, right? So if same thing as your business online on Instagram, showing up and creating content and responding to people and engaging as a core part of your KPI every single day. But I'm not someone who's all for you being on Instagram 24 seven and not have a social life because I know a lot of us have got a really busy life. So I want you to see this as something that you would prioritize and limit your time that you spend on them. So what I do is I set an hour of timer on Instagram. So I tell Instagram to pop up an alert and tell me if I've been on Instagram for more than an hour that day. And I do that because one of my KPI and strategy is to show up on Instagram 20 minutes, three times a day, morning, afternoon, evening. So I go on there, I do my posts, I do my hashtags or my response to comments, like my clients posts and comment on that, reshare stuff, post my story for the day and share my tips. And then do that in lots of three in a day. So overall I'm spending about 60 minutes a day on Instagram. And some days it will be more, to be honest with you, especially if I'm launching, I'm more present online, but most days I'm not because I want to make sure that I'm living in the moment and that I'm aware of what's happening around me. My daughter needs me. So I'm not going to be spending all day on Instagram trying to engage and please the algorithm gods, because at the end of the day, we have a life to lead. So I want you to remember this, okay? Now the next part of helping you to be successful on Instagram beyond those five tips and strategies I showed you is to always remember your content pillar. So if you're someone who keeps saying to yourself, I don't know what to post and you're scratching your head, I want you to go back to last week's lesson and look at what pillars you've created. And under each pillar, I've asked you to list out all the different questions or content ideas that you can put on your content pillars for your content creation on Instagram. So if you forget, always go back and look at that. All right. And the next one is scheduling your posts. I'm not someone, like I said, who wants you to be on Instagram all the time and to be reactive. I want you to be proactive. So what I recommend doing is to try it once you've gotten a grips of graphs. So once you've gotten the graphs, so the next part of helping you to be, so the next strategy to help you to be efficient on Instagram is to schedule your post in advance, right? So the next part is scheduling your posts on Instagram so you're not constantly reacting and falling behind and feel like you've got a lot to catch up. So once you've gotten a good grasp of your content pillars, you've got your ideas and you know what your strategy is, I want you to sit down, spend about three hours every fortnight creating your post for those two weeks. So when you do that, you know what's going, you've got things planned and you're not then scrambling to pull something together at the very last minute when you're about to finish work because that can be extremely stressful. So there's two main platforms that I recommend using when it comes to scheduling. So there is Later and Plannerly. These are two of my highly recommended ones. The one that I really like is Later and that's the one I personally use. Now there's a lot of other scheduling tools. Some of them come with the key features, some of them are way more expensive because they allow you to share to a lot of different accounts and multiple users, but just focus on Later or Plannerly. So they both offer free trials for their paid tiers. They'll of course have their free tier as well that has got very limited features, but I want you to sign up to either one and try them out. If you don't know what you want, sign up to both and see how you go and how you feel about using those platforms because at the end of the day, it needs to be something that feels native and intuitive to you. So with Later, I want you to... So the next strategy to help you to be more effective and... So the next strategy to help you to be more efficient on Instagram and your content creation is to schedule your post in advance. Now I want you to start to... So the next part of helping you to be more efficient in using Instagram as a platform for content creation is to schedule your posts. And there is two core platforms that I recommend when it comes to scheduling. So there's Later and Plannerly. And yes, there's a few hundreds of different other scheduling platforms out there, but these are the two that I recommend as my best fit. And the next strategy to help you to be more efficient with your content creation is to schedule your posts so you're not scrambling to pull things together at the very last minute and make mistakes if that ever happened or stress you out. And what I would suggest that you do is to set aside about three hours every fortnight to put together your posts for those two weeks so you've got that schedule, you've got things ready to go, and you can focus your other time on actually engaging on the platform. And I promise you that's going to reduce a whole lot of stress. And once you get better, you're going to be able to schedule your posts a month in advance. So when it comes to scheduling, there's two key platforms that I recommend. So the first one is Later, and the second one is Plannerly. They're both very similar. I personally prefer Later, so I'm going to give you my feedback and suggestions on Later. They do offer a free tier for both programs, and they also have a free trial for the paid tier as well. So you might just want to sign up to both if you're not sure and try them out. So when it comes to Later, like I said, the free tier will enable you to schedule your post and your captions at the same time. And the next level up is their paid tier. So the paid tier allows you to do a little bit more, like you can schedule videos. You can also schedule carousels and stories as well, but you cannot auto-publish that to Instagram. So what that means is that you'll have to wait for the time, and then it will send you a notification, and you just have to tap for it to manually bring it over to Instagram, and then you have to click the post button. So it's just a little bit more fiddly with carousels and stories, but it does videos and post scheduling for free. And it also allows you to schedule that first comment that goes up after your post is published, and it does it automatically on the paid tier. Now I do that, like I said, because it just looks less messy, and I just like to have the comment put in. So the next strategy that I've got for you to improve the efficiency with content creation is to schedule your post. Now when it comes to scheduling, I highly recommend that you try and schedule at least a week in advance. And once you've gotten the momentum, if you can try and schedule your post two weeks in advance, because I promise you it's going to help reduce that stress and trying to scramble things last minute and be at risk of making mistakes on your post. So I recommend scheduling two weeks in advance when you get into the momentum and you feel more comfortable. Now there's two key tools or platforms per se that you can use to schedule your post. So there's Later and there's Plannerly. Both are pretty good. I personally prefer Later because it's just more intuitive to me, and it feels much easier for me to use, but it's up to you to decide which one you want to use. They do have the free tier for both, and also on the paid tier, there is a free trial as well. So the free tier has more limited features, like yes, it does enable you to schedule your post with the captions, but it doesn't do much else. So what you'll need, if you need to schedule videos, for example, then you've got to go on to the paid tier. So with Later, I use it to schedule my videos. And if I do have carousels, so carousel is the one with the multiple slides in a post, or if I do want to schedule my stories, I can schedule it, but it doesn't automatically publish it to Instagram. So what it will do when it comes time for it to be published is that I'll get a notification on my phone. I go tap yes, post over now, and then it's going to open up Instagram with that post, and I have to manually click post. So it is a little bit fiddly with that, but I do have a trick around that, and I'll share with you in a minute. But overall, Later allows you to schedule your post to multiple platforms like Instagram, Facebook, Pinterest, and Twitter. So that's quite handy. You can also tag the location or the user. So I have suggested for you to use location geotags and tag your location all around where your ideal client will be based. And of course, it allows you to save your hashtag set as well, so you can automatically publish your first comment with your hashtags. And I personally prefer that because it just looks better. And the paid tier of Later is around $15 a month. It's definitely me.


Well spent. All right. And when I talked about carousels earlier, I said that you couldn't auto publish it on later, but you can definitely do it on Facebook business suite. Now, this is a tool that I got you to download earlier last week when you were setting up your Instagram. Facebook business suite is brilliant and integrates both your Instagram and Facebook together. So you can schedule carousel posts. You can schedule all sorts of posts. So it is a free tool and it also allows you to compare all your posts in one page as well. So it can be quite handy. Now, if you don't want to spend a dime, so I would recommend just using the free tier of later and the Facebook business suite to post videos and things like that for you. Now, the next part about becoming more efficient is to repurpose content. So when you're creating a piece of content, like a post, which is what I do here, I never just let it sit there. What I do is I'll then bring it to Instagram stories and re-share that. So people who don't see my post will see it in my story, because we know that typically people are more likely to watch stories than to scroll through the feed to see someone's post. So what I've done here is I've re-shared that post to my story. And then what I've done is I've added 10 different hashtags to the ones that I've used in the post and I've hidden it behind the post. So that increases my visibility. So more people who look up different hashtags will see my post there. And then with that same piece of content idea, I then create a video content for that. And what I do is I might create a reel, I might do a Facebook live, IGTV, for example, and then share more longer form video content in there to help my audience understand the concepts a little bit more. So my one piece of content never sits in one place. It's repurposed and shared to other different platforms. And that's how one piece of content grows multiple pieces of content. And before I finish up, I want to explain to you some of the different dimensions of posts on Instagram, because a lot of people get confused with this. So on your profile, your post is in the sizing or dimensions of 1080 by 1080 pixels. So it's like a square. All right. And on your feed. So when you're scrolling through your feed, looking at other people's posts, they do come up a little bit bigger. It's 130, sorry, 1350 by 1080. Okay. And then on your stories, IGTV and reels as well, it's 1920 by 1080. Now, one little mistake that a lot of people make when it comes to IGTV or reels, they might upload a cover image that's really big, like this size, that stretch all the way for the story. But what they don't realize is when you share that reel to your post, all right, you can only see part of it. So see that square there, that's where it will get cut off. So any text that you put on top and at the bottom is going to get cut off. And especially if it's got the title of what your post is with the content and things like that, people are not going to see it. And that will reduce the number of clicks to watch your post. All right. So I would definitely suggest that you get very familiar with the sizing. I do have more templates for you to use when it comes to the different types. I do have more. I do have templates for you to use as well to help you keep your text within the right dimensions. So you'll see that in the resource section. All right. So this is just an idea to show you. All right. So this is an example to show you. For an Instagram story, you'll be able to see the whole part here, which is 16 by nine. But then on the profile, you do share this to your post feed. This is all you're going to see. So you're going to miss the last part of here and all the little wording on that. So that's not good. You want to make sure if you're sharing something from your story or from your reels or IGTV cover onto your feed, it needs to be within that square sizing. And this is exactly what I mean. So that's a post I did as a cover image for my IGTV. And then when I shared it to my feed, you see that perfect square there. That's this square here. So when you tap on it and watch the IGTV, you'll see the whole thing. All right. So hopefully that makes sense to you. I know it's a complicated thing to remember, but Instagram has created. All right. So before I finish, I want to talk about some of the different dimensions for post stories and feed images on Instagram, just so you're aware. Now, when you see your feed, all right. So before I finish, I want to quickly talk about the dimensions of different content pieces on Instagram. Now, the first one I want you to be aware of is the standard image sizing for the post on your feed. So it's 1080 by 1080. That's a square. And on your feed, which is the place where you would scroll to look at other people's post, they can come up a bit bigger. So they can come up to 1350 by 1080. So some people actually get you to create your post in a bigger image. And then just bearing in mind that parts of that will be cut out. I actually don't recommend that, but I just thought I'll let you know about it. And then on your stories or the cover image for your IGTV or reels is going to come up bigger. So 1920 by 1080. So what I mean is through this image here. So that's a cover image that I've just mock created for you. So what I mean is through this image here, I wanted to show you. So I wanted to show you on this image here, that's an Instagram story cover. And I've used that for the cover of my IGTV. So I wanted to show an example of what this looks like. So this one here is the dimensions of IG story. And I've just created this on Instagram. So it's the 16 by nine dimensions. And I wanted to put this on top of my IGTV as a cover image. But you got to remember that this little square here in the middle is what people would see on your profile page. So if I had something that stretched all the way from top to toe on this, people are going to miss part of it. So this little square would have some of the wording cut out there, so people are not going to see it. So if you're sharing this to your feed page to your... So I wanted to show you an example here. So this is a cover image that I've created for my IGTV. It's the exact same dimensions as the Instagram story. Now, I have created this with the image that stretched from top to toe. And my wording on my text is in that area. Now, you can see through this little square, which is the visibility view for your profile, for the grid on your profile page, that a lot of the text will be cut off. So people won't be able to see what is the title of the post. So what will happen is that that will end up getting cut out. So what I did was I had my little square there in the middle to indicate to me where is that visible on the feed. All right. So then I've got on the top and bottom things that are not important and there's no text there. So you can see on my feed, on my profile page, when I shared it there, that's all you see. And it looks like a nice, pretty part of the image. All right. So I wanted to explain this so you know that it's different dimensions on Instagram. And that's all for this lesson here. In the next lesson, we're going to talk about hashtag strategy. So I'll see you over there.
