---
Source Program: Accelerator Program
File Name: WEEK 5 - Optimising Your Hashtag Strategy.mp4
---

Alright, so welcome to this lesson here where we're going to be talking about how to optimize your hashtag strategy. Now when it comes to hashtags, there's a lot of speculations out there about what's best and there's a lot of different things like shadow betting and all of that out there, which can be really confusing and we don't fully know how it all works and what the issues are. But what you need to be very aware of is that hashtags is going to help you to be discovered by new followers, but your content still needs to be on point. So what that means is that you need to make sure that your graphic is still a really good graphic that provides people with value. It's something that people want to hit the safe button or share with their friends with and that you're being consistent. So hashtag is like a small piece of the puzzle, which is really important too, but it's not the only thing that you need to focus all your energy into. So I don't want you to overanalyze things. Now there is a few things, basic stuff that you need to know, like for example, hashtags and the number of hashtags that you can use would be around 30 and that's the maximum. Don't like that. Let's try again. All right. Welcome to this lesson here where we're going to talk about how to optimize your hashtag strategy. Now, when it comes to hashtags, there's so many speculations out there. There's a lot of people with different strategies and ideas and hacks about how to make it work better. And in the whole spectrum of things, there's a lot of things that we don't know that in terms of the algorithm, there's so many possibilities. But what I want you to know is that hashtag is just like a one piece puzzle of the whole picture that you need to know about. All right. And hashtag alone is not going to help you to grow your account because at the end of the day, your content still needs to be on par. It still needs to be a good valuable piece of content that is relevant for your audience. That's going to make them hit the save or the share button to share it with their friends. And of course, your captions are important as well. So see hashtag as a small piece of the puzzle that you need to look at, but it's equally important because it completes the whole picture. Now, there's a few things that is essential for you to know. Like for example, when it comes to hashtags, you can use a maximum of 30 hashtags. I found that somewhere around 25 is a sweet spot. Obviously, the less hashtags that you use, the less visibility you'll be able to gain. And I found that using around 25 is good and you want to mix up your hashtags. So what you don't want to do is use the same hashtags day in, day out with every single post because that could be flagged to Instagram as a spammy post or spammy account. And then that could affect your reach as well. What you want to do is to have around three to five different sets of hashtags that you can rotate between. Now, you also want to use hashtags that are relevant for your niche and it's relevant to that graphic or the image that you've shared. For example, you don't want to use a really popular hashtag like beauty blogger, for example, if your account and your image is not about blogging beauty stuff. So, you know, that's a very common sense thing, but a lot of people can mistake that and forget about it. Now, when it comes to hashtags, you want to make sure that it is relevant for your niche and it's also relevant to that image or the graphic that you're using. For example, we know that a hashtag like Kim Kardashian could be really popular, but you don't want to be a spammy account and use that in your image if it doesn't relate to her at all, because the artificial intelligence, the AI over in Facebook plan, they're all really good at detecting when something's not relevant and that could hurt your reach for that post. All right. And you would know when your hashtags are working really well when you see something like that happening. So on the slide here, I've got one of my most popular posts. You can see it's gained about 5,000 likes for my IBS account. It's got a ton of shares there and a ton of saves and the reach is 92,000. All right. And from the hashtag reach itself, so that shows you the number of people who saw my post from my hashtags, and that's 25,000 and that's a really good outcome. And as a result, 98 people followed me again, 98 new followers. And I also had 38 clicks on my website link as well. So this is a really good result. And in two lessons from here, and I'm also going to be talking more about how to analyze your metrics in this week's lesson. So you will learn more about the strategy shortly. Now, with regards to hashtag placement, I often get the question. Now, when it comes to hashtag placement, I often get asked, should you be putting hashtags in your captions under the image, or should you be putting it in your comments? Now, there is different limitations, I suppose, with either approach. But the thing is, it doesn't matter. All right. So when it comes to your caption, you need to know that you are limited to 2,000 characters. So if you're putting your hashtags in your captions, that's obviously going to take up space. And it can also look a little bit messy as well. So if you put in the captions, just be aware that it takes up space. You can, of course, create space in between your last sentence of your content to your hashtag by putting five dots, straight dots afterwards, and then spacing straight away with no in between. So when it comes to hashtag placement, I often get asked the question, where should you put your hashtags, whether it's in the captions or in the comments section? Now, at the end of the day, it doesn't really matter. But there's limitations for both. So I'm going to tell you that. So if you put it in your captions, so you need to know that there's a limit to the number of characters that you can use in your captions. So if you have a lot of content in your captions already, you might want to put it in your comments section. But if you don't have it already, you might not be able to fit all your hashtags in there. And it could look a little bit messier as well, because there's so much hashtags at the bottom. Some people think that it looks a little bit spammy. Now, I haven't found that that is a problem for me. And I did that for a long time when I was on the free tier of Later, and I couldn't schedule my hashtag as the first comment. Well, in fact, that option wasn't available back then. So I just put it with my captions in my post. Sometimes if I have a really long caption post, like, for example, a recipe, that took up space. So then I would have to manually go put in the comment. Now, you can also schedule it to be posted as the first comment. So on the paid tier of Later, this is what I do now. I just drag my hashtag set into my Later, and then that will schedule the first comment to come up after your post, when your post has been posted. So that would look a lot cleaner, but you do need to pay tier to be able to do that. Otherwise, you have to remember to pop on to your account and do your hashtags as soon as you've posted your content. All right. And I'm not sure if you guys know. So next up is, I'm not sure if you know, you can also place hashtags in your stories, IGTV and Reels as well. So there is a limit of 10 hashtags for your Instagram stories. And then when it comes to your IGTV and Instagram Reels, there's a maximum of 30 hashtags. You can also place branded hashtags in your bio or use it as part of your hashtags. So I did talk about this earlier, and your branded hashtag is simply a set of hashtags or one hashtag that you want your brand to be associated with. So one of my programs is called IBS2Freedom. So I do have a hashtag in my post that says IBS2Freedom. All right. So you want to be able to utilize hashtags that A, is consistent, but there is variation between each hashtag set. So then your post is not being flagged as a spammy post. And I also forgot to mention as well, that you can place your hashtags in your stories and hide it behind the post. So then it doesn't look too messy when someone is watching your stories. Now, some of the mistakes that you need to be aware of when it comes to hashtags is that you want to avoid using generic hashtags that are too popular, or we call that high density hashtags, but over 10 million posts. For example, in the field of nutrition that we could potentially be using. So there will be hashtags like nutrition, diet, healthy, or healthy food. So these are massive branded hashtags. So there are some common hashtag mistakes that you need to be aware of as well. So one of them is to avoid using generic and highly popular hashtags that has more than 10 million posts. So we call that high density hashtags. So examples of hashtags that are highly popular that's relevant for our niche would be something like nutrition, diet, health, or healthy food. These are very popular. So if you use hashtags like that, you need to be aware that your post is going to be quickly replaced with other posts that comes up because a lot of people are using it. So you're going to find that it will be harder for you to gain visibility, especially if your account is small starting out. And on the contrary, you want to use hashtags that are of a decent size. If they're really small, like if they have under 10K of posts, then you're going to find that again, the visibility is not going to be great. The next thing you need to be aware of is hashtags that are banned or if they are temporarily banned. So you're going to see them with a message right on top here. So for example, beauty blogger is one of those hashtags that have been temporarily banned. And what it says is that recent posts from beauty blogger are currently hidden because the community has reported some content that might not meet Instagram's community guidelines. So these are temporarily hidden. So any new posts with this hashtag is not going to show up. All right. So you'll see it when you click into those hashtags, it will show these messages. And you also want to avoid spammy hashtags as well. Things that are not going to gain you valuable followers that are your ideal client. So examples would be hashtags like follow me, follow for follow, like for like, like me for like, or something like that, or follow back. So these are the ones that you want to definitely avoid using. So I've got a example guide for you here of how to find the right mix of hashtag. Okay. Ideally, you want to use hashtags that are between 10,000 to 500,000 posts. So I've given you a guide here of what to pick for each category. So I would suggest having two hashtags that are within the 10 to 25,000 posts category, and then five hashtags between 26 to 50,000, eight hashtags between 51 to 100,000, 10 hashtags between 101 to 250,000, and then five hashtags greater than 250,000 posts. So you can see the majority of your hashtags should be somewhere between 51,000 to 250,000. Right. And you want to create three to five hashtags sets and rotate between them. And to save you all the time that you're going to invest into researching each individual hashtag, I highly recommend you use this tool. It's called Flick. So it is a paid tool, but it does have a free trial. So I believe it's a 14 day free trial, which you can utilize. And what you can do is just type into the search box here, hashtags that is relevant to your niche. For example, healthy eating. Like I said, this is a massive hashtag. So you want to find something that's niche specific, like IBS, for example, and it's going to generate a whole ton of hashtags that are relevant. And then you can view it according to the competition scores of how competitive it is, the reach, the potential average number of likes. And you can hover your mouse over specific hashtags to see what kind of posts they look like that are really popular for that specific one. Like, for example, this one here, where it says simple meals, you'll see a lot of those posts are all recipe food image type posts. So you want to create or have recipe type posts to be able to use that one for it to be popular. All right. So hopefully that makes sense. I want you to head on over to the worksheet in this download section and grab the hashtag research worksheet to help you generate your three to five hashtags sets. And once you've done that, pop that on your later account. So then you can have those sets on there and also put it on your notes section of your mobile as well. So you can use that for your stories if you're posting directly from your phone. So I'll see you over in the next lesson shortly.
